

﻿Title: 3 Steps to Incredible Health! With Joel Fuhrman, M.D.
Description: Dr. Joel Fuhrman's health plan includes a nutrient-dense diet.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 6/4/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Dr. Joel fuhrman is a board-certified physician whose groundbreaking work has been acclaimed as a medical breakthrough for weight loss, disease reversal and prevention. The american diet today has 62% of calories from processed foods. How many of you would like a promise that you don't have to have heart attack when you get older? He's anew york times bestselling author and a widely published nutritional researcher. And I see people putting this into practice every day, transforming their lives. Never forget that your health is your greatest wealth. Join dr. Joel fuhrman now and learn the "3 steps to incredible health!" Welcome, welcome. I'm so excited to be here and have the opportunity to teach you how to achieve incredible health! I'm dr. Joel fuhrman. I'm a board-certified family physician, nutritional researcher, and my life's work is nutritional science and I have a promise, a promise that you can lose weight as fast or faster than gastric bypass surgery. But, unlike surgerthe results are permanent. Only 3 steps. One -- learn about the power of micronutrients. Two -- eliminating food addictions. And three -- superfoods for pleasure and health. So, look, what is "incredible health"? Let's describe it, okay? "Incredible health" means living your life into your later years feeling great, being healthy, not being medically dependent. Being able to walk and be mobile and not be in pain. Being able to wake up every day, excited about life. Not going in to doctors with emergencies. 

[00:02:00]


Having your full mental faculties intact, right? And your full physical powers that you had when you were young. 'Re talking about not having heart attacks and not having strokes, not getting demented, right? How many of you would like promise that you don't have to have a heart attack when you get older that you't have to have a stroke, that you don't have to get demented! I don't know about you, but I don't want to be running for a bus, worried about having a heart attack. I want to know that I can't have a heart attack. Am I making some incredible, radical claim? Is this incredible? Am I just a total crazy guy? You know, saying that people can not -- isn't heart disease just the inevitable consequence of aging, that we just all get it as we get older? Well, you know what? Almost every person in america gets it as they get older. We do autopsy studies on people in america. By the time they're 40 years old -- if they die in a car accident or drown and we look at their heart, we find that almost all americans have atherosclerosis -- more than 95% by the age of 45. Man: Oh. But it doesn't have to happen to you. I'll tell you how I know this, how I know this is true. Number one -- there are what's called epidemiologic studies where they look at populations from around the world and they find -- first, they look at primitive populations, eating simple, natural diets, where people don't have heart disease. Then there were studies done where we studied a hundred thousand rural chinese, who live in rural areas, who grow a lot of their own food and eat natural diets, and they haven't found one heart attack in that group. And look at the framingham study, done in boston, where they followed people in this country, in new england, followed them, thousands of people, followed for 40 years. And what did they find? That people who had an ideal weight, who didn't smoke, whose cholesterol was below 150 -- with a favorable cholesterol -- 

[00:04:02]


they didn't have heart disease, not one heart attack death was recorded for that group who had those favorable risk factors. I can say this because, as a physician, I've been in practice for 20 years and i see patients, every single day, with advanced heart disease, people who have had heart attacks in their past. And you know what? These people get well. Their chest pains go away, they lose the weight, their blood pressure comes back to normal, and they don't have heart disease anymore. Charlotte weighed 260 pounds. She lost 130 pounds. Now,he weighs 130. That's a loss of half her body weight. But the weight loss isn't even the story, here. The story is, charlotte was in a wheelchair after a stroke. She couldn't even walk. And she had diabetes, requiring multiple medications. Charlotte is not diabetic anymore. She has no diabetes and that means her blood sugar is normal, below 100, without medication. You know, I tell my diabetic patients, "let's not control your diabetes. If we're controlling it, that means you still have diabetes!" We want to get rid of your diabetes. Who wants to stick themselves with needles and take drugs the rest of their life? And most of these diabetic medications cause weight gain and make you become more diabetic, the more you take the medication. How many of you want to be around when you're older, and in great health so you can run around with your children and grandchildren? So you can enjoy your life in your golden years, right? Isn't that something you want? Yes. Don't you want incredible health? Yes. The problem in america is 27% of americans die of heart disease. About 23% die of cancer. 6% die of strokes. It doesn't have to happen. Advancements in nutritional science enable a solution and we can put the science right in your kitchen so you can do it. Let me explain to you some of the science here and how this works, all right? A little bit about nutrients. Because there are two types of nutrients. 

[00:06:03]


There's macronutrients and micronutrients. Now, "macro" means "big" and macronutrients are those big nutrients, the ones that contain calories -- fat, carbohydrate, and protein. You guys have heard of that, right? Fat, carbohydrate, and protein. Those are the things americans eat too much of, too many calories. But what we don't eat enough of is the micronutrients. The micronutrients do not contain calories. Those are things like vitamins, like minerals, phytochemicals -- things, that don't contain calories, the body needs for good health. In 1930, scientists discovered about 14 vitamins and 16 minerals and people said, "wow! This is great! We, like, got health in a bottle here! We can add, like, thiamin and riboflavin into cocoa puffs and vitamin c into kool-aid. We can take these things and we can win the war on cancer and stop people from dying so much!" By 1935, the vitamin industry was already a billion-dollar industry. But the most fascinating thing happened in the history of nutritional science. Because, between 1935 and 2005, during that 70-year stretch, cancer rates went up every single year for 70 years in a row. Incredible. We saw a concomitant rise in diabetes, obesity, right? Autoimmune conditions, allergies. Boy, the diseases just were flourishing. But cancer rates? Not one year did it even dip. It just kept going higher and higher and higher and higher. And, you know, it wasn't until about 20 years ago where scientists first recognized that vitamins and minerals wereot the major micronutrient load that's in food. In other words, vitamins and minerals are the smaller percent of the total of micronutrients that are in food. The major source of micronutrients are called "phytochemicals" and there are hundreds, maybe even thousands, of them. And they haven't all been discovered yet. So what I'm saying here is that every strawberry has 

[00:08:03]


about 700 nutrients in it, not just 31. Every piece of broccoli has about a thousand different nutrients in it. And the body needs them. They're not optional. The american diet today has 62% of calories from processed foods. 62% from processed foods. Those are foods like pasta, bread, salad oil, mayonnaise, doughnuts, cookies, crackers, rice cakes, breakfast bars, chips, pretzels, soft drinks. Look, we're eating foods that just give us calories, they just give us macronutrients without any micronutrient load. When we take in macronutrients with no micronutrient load, the body builds up free radicals. Those are toxic, they cause inflammation in the body. And we utilize our reserve of micronutrients to try to process those empty calories. And then more than 25% of the american diet are animal products. Animal products like meat and chicken and dairy products. They don't have antioxidants and phytochemicals in them either. Only 10% of what americans consume are produce, like fruits and vegetables. Half of that is white potato products, counted in the 10%. That mea that french fries, potato chips, mashed potatoes, all that. And, you know, that's half of what americans are consuming counting as vegetables. And white potatoes don't have much micronutrient density. They're one of the lowest nutrient-containing vegetables. We're just eating a diet that's not designed for the human species. I'm saying here that a piece of chicken is just like a piece of white bread. Or a piece of chicken is just like some pasta. Why am I saying a piece of bread and a piece of chicken are the same thing? No micronutrients. There's no significant micronutrient load. Because that's what I'm saying, I'm saying a preprocessed food, like a soft drink or a piece of white bread, right? Doesn't have antioxidants like vitamin e and vitamin c and vitamin k and folate and the bioflavonoids and the lignans and all those phytochemicals that fight cancer. They're not in the processed foods -- 

[00:10:04]


they've been processed out, right? And animal products is not a source of phytochemicals and antioxidants. It's a source of some vitamins and minerals and proteins and fats, but it doesn't give us those cancer-fighting nutrients that we're just not consuming. Both the animal product and the processed foods don't have a significant micronutrient load, so where are we getting it from, right? And I'm also saying the micronutrient deficits leads to increased body weight. It drives your appetite up, increases your hunger, it means more diabetes, more heart disease, and more cancer. The extra fat on your body? Drives diseases like cancer and heart disease. You want to live disease-free? You want to live longer? You want to sleep better? You want to be happier? You want to have more energy? You want to enjoy your life more? You want to maintain your fitness? You want to stop this idea of looking for a diet, right? You have to understand the secret power of micronutrients and how micronutrients take away your hunger, your desire to overeat, and they help the fat melt off your body. Consider this equation -- h=n/c. My health equation, right? Nutritional scientists all over the world are using h=n/c, where h, "health," means your healthy life expectancy. Not just how long you're going to live, but the quality of your life in your later years. And that's predicted, now, by n/c, n divided by c, the micronutrient-per- calorie-density of your diet. That means how long you're going to live and the quality of your life in your later years is proportional to how many foods you can consume that have a high micronutrient load. You want to have high micronutrients-per-calorie and the more foods you consume that have lots of micronutrients-per-calorie, the more it suppresses your appetite, lessens your hunger, and makes you feel great. Let's look at this nutrient density line. Because what I did is I added up the vitamins and minerals, the phytochemicals. 

[00:12:05]


Those powerful anticancer substances that we find in foods like mushrooms and onions and berries? Well, I added up those nutrients and put it together and had some negatives of things that are bad for you and added some negative factors so I could score food on a nutrient density line and you could see, by looking at my nutrient density line, what foods have the highest level of micronutrients, so you know what foods I want you to eat more of. I want you to try to eat a lot of those foods, okay? So I'm saying here that, when it comes to green vegetables, green vegetables don't have twice as much nutrients as, let's say, a piece of bread or a piece of chicken, th don't have 10 times as much, they have 100 times more micronutrients than those foods do, 100 times as much. Are you getting this? Yeah. You got to get this because your life depends on it. Your life depends on understanding this information. You know why? You graduate from elementary school, junior high school, high school, college, professional school, even medical school! And the most important thing you could've learned to control your health destiny, you don't even learn anything about, right? Let's look at mushrooms for a minute. Mushrooms contain -- they're a superfood. They contain something called "angiogenesis inhibitors." Ever hear of that before? No6 the word "angiogenesis" means the "growth of blood vessels," so an angiogenesis inhibitor? It means it restricts the growth of blood vessels, okay? Now, this seems counterintuitive. Why would we want to stop blood vessels from growing? But we want to stop them from growing abnormally because what happens is, when we eat a lot of sugar and we put fat on our body, it pumps up insulin and insulin promotes the growth of blood vessels. And, you know, fat on the body is like a tumor and it secretes hormones and causes inflammation. It's bad to have fat on your body. And the fat on the body signals blood vessels to grow into it so it can be fueled, so it can get oxygen and nutrients and nourishment to keep it growing and to keep it surviving. 

[00:14:05]


When you eat foods like mushrooms and onions, they have angiogenesis inhibitors that inhibit the growth of the blood vessels into the fat, to stop the fat from growing and to cause the fat to shrink and atrophy. Over here, we have a guy, jim. Jim is eating 2,000 calories a day and jim's not overweight. He's a great weight. But bob, on the other hand, who also eats 2,000 calories, is overweight. They're both eating 2,000 calories! Why is one a good weight and one not a good weight? The reason is, it's not all calories in/calories out. The secret here is that you have to eat these nutritional factors that prevent fat from building up. Now, when fat builds up outside of your abdominal wall, you could pinch it, right? You could pinch the fat and press it together. It's not only outside your abdominal wall. As I'm pinching this fat, there's just as much fat inside the abdominal wall, that you can't pinch. When you have that big roll of fat out here, your body's swelled on the inside and you have fat under the abdominal wall, in with your organs, surrounding your heart, squeezing your liver, your kidneys, your adrenal glands, around your pancreas. The fat is all over the inside of your body, places the fat should not be. Outside fat means inside fat and that's what increases your risk of diabetes, of heart disease, of cancer. Sure, you want to get rid of it, so you want your whole body to shrink down, right? When you do that and when you do it while utilizing the power of micronutrients, you've got a better memory, you don't lose your memory with aging, you don't get joint pain, you don't have arthritis, headaches, allergies, asthma, skin rashes, depression. You don't have to have those things. Because a lot of those diseases occur because of micronutrient deficits and poor nutrition, right? You don't have to be sick all the time. And this is not st about losing weight. It's about earning great health and feeling great 

[00:16:07]


and living life to the fullest. You can reverse disease, you can add 20 or more years to your life. It's not as hard as you think. It's easy. It's fun. It's delicious. What's hard is getting sick all the time. What's hard is being chronically sick and always feeling ill and losing your enthusiasm for life. Being healthy is fun! It makes life exciting, right? And I see people putting this into practice every day, transforming their lives and you know what? It's so incredibly rewarding for me, as a physician, and I feel so excited about choosing this career and choosing a career using nutrition as the primary therapy because I see things other doctors don't see. Ronnie valentine, great guy -- I've never met him, though, but I've spoken to him on the phone. He was overweight. He weighed over 300 pounds. And he had heart disease where he had severe chest pains. He had to go through bypass surgery, right? His scale said 300 pounds, he told me, but he doesn't know if he weighed 310, 320, or 330 -- the scale only went up to 300 pounds. Right? Ronnie had bypass surgery, and within two years, the chest pains came back again. And you know the studies, the meta-analysis on bypass surgery and angioplasty. The word "meta-analysis," it means they pooled together many different studies to get more accuracy, and the studies show, people undergoing those procedures, they don't live longer. Eventually, their pains come back. For ronnie, he got worse again. Had to go through angioplasty after bypass surgery, but it didn't work. Because within one month after angioplasty, what happened is the medical term called "restenosis." It means the vessels hardened up again, and stenosis, or scar tissue, formed, and his chest pains came back. He was literally giving up on life at this point. He was just ready to go home and die. He was on medications -- multiple drugs to lower blood pressure. Multiple drugs to lower cholesterol. Drugs to take away chest pain. And still couldn't function. 

[00:18:08]


He got fed up, he googled, "reversed heart disease or plans," and he found me, and he adopted the program you're learning from me today. And you know what happened? He lost 140 pounds in one year. In one year, 140 pounds. But that's not the story here. The story here, his chest pains are gone. The story here, in a few months, he's feeling good. The story is he's powerful, he's slim, right? He's exercising, he's running, playing tennis, back to work again. He's got a complete, full life. He doesn't need blood pressure medication anymore. Whereas before, on two blood pressure medications, his blood pressure was still elevated. Now he's on no blood pressure medication and his systolic blood pressure is 115. Like a child, on no medication. Right? His cholesterol, which was high on cholesterol-lowering drugs -- now his total cholesterol is about 120. His ldl is about 65. On no cholesterol medication. He achieved it with excellent nutrition. He knows that the knowledge he learned is going to enable him to stay well for the rest of his life without heart disease. Here's a guy who already went through angioplasty and bypass. And if you speak to him, he'll say to you, he said, "this means a lot to me. It means a lot to me because I don't want people to go through what I had to go through in life. I don't want them to suffer as much as i had to suffer, before I learned I could take control of my health." I could water down this information to make it more acceptable to the mass, to a broad number of people. As a physician, I have to give you the information you need to know so you can take control and so it really works for you. You can choose to smoke cigarettes, do anything you want to hurt your life, but if you want to have a healthy life, let's make sure you have a healthy life. Let's live to be at least 95 years old, in great health. Just like my friend, jack de traub. A movie producer, actually, jack de traub. He had two heart attacks before the age of 50. He learned about this program. He adopted excellent nutrition. AND HE LIVED TO BE IN HIS LATE 90s. And I was playing him tennis, singles tennis, IN HIS 90s. He was running around the court like a jackrabbit. 

[00:20:08]


IN HIS 90s. LOTS OF PEOPLE LIKE THAT. And I see this in my patients. People who have seen me when they're in their 70s, AND NOW THEY'RE IN THEIR 80s AND 90s, And they're in better health now than they were when they were younger. They don't need doctors, they don't need surgeries, they don't need emergency rooms. So, what did we just learn? Let's recap for a minute, okay? We learned that micronutrients are the secret, the secret to incredible health. And this is not that hard to do. It can be made delicious, and you can do this. You can do it, you can have fun, you can get excited about your life. And we can all do this together. And after the break, I'm going to discuss why almost all diets fail. And that's because low-nutrient eating fuels powerful addiction, addictions to overeating, that just can't be denied. So stay with us and we'll be right back. 

[00:32:12]


steps health!" With dr. Joel fuhrman. [ Applause ] thank you, thank you. Welcome back. Earlier, we learned step one of my three steps to incredible health -- the power of micronutrients. How consuming more micronutrients will transform your health and your life, and we learned that every calorie is not the same. We learned that the common diseases that afflict americans are not the natural consequence of aging. Aney're not predominantly genetic. We're in control of those things. Now, step two -- eliminating food addictions and your desire to overeat. Because I'll bet that you guys believe that getting back to your ideal weight and staying there is all about eating less and exercising more -- isn't that what most people think? You just eat less and exercise more, right? How long have you tried that without success, right? Like the last 20 years, right? Because 99% of americans lose weight and gain it all back again. And when you lose weight and gain it backgain, it's worse than never losing at all, because when you lose weight and put it back again fast, you put back more atherosclerosis, more fat inside the body and inside the blood vessels. The dangerous fat. Here's the thing -- withousuccess, you are troubled, you felt hopeless. You tried it long enough, eventually you just ve up the struggle and say, "forget it, I'm just going to stay overweight the rest of my life." So many people who have succeeded on this program have felt the same thing, just like you felt. They felt that there's no point in trying anymore because it doesn't work anyway, right? There's a much simpler way to do it. The simpler way is to focus on eating the right kind of foods that are rich in micronutrients. Theresa was 227 pounds. And now she's 125 pounds. That's a loss of 98 pounds. Right? She lost 98 pounds. Most of these people lose the weight. They lose about 100 pounds the first year. And the point that I'm bringing up here with theresa 

[00:34:13]


is she tried almost every diet there was. She's tried high protein, low protein, low carb, low fat, you know, pink drinks -- all the -- you know. And you lose a little weight and you gain it back again. Who can maintain that? Right? And her dress size went from a size 20 to a size 2. She's proud of herself. My point here is the problem isn't you, right? It's not you. It's all the bad information. All the bad information that told you, just eat less, and you'd lose weight, right? It just doesn't work. Who wants to feel hungry all the time and be constantly in a battle against your body's urges to eat? How can that be maintained? Eventually, you get mental breakdown, fighting on a diet your whole life. It's always uncomfortable trying to eat less when you feel like eating more. It's like telling you to -- I see you breathing there at 14 breaths a minute. Instead of 14 breaths a minute, I want to see you breathe at 10 breaths a minute, only. Within five minutes, you'll be gasping for air. I can't control the air you need. It's hard for me to control how much food you take in. Your body gives you those signals. Your body is giving you the wrong signals. It's giving you the wrong signals because you haven't met the body's micronutrient needs. This is quite scientific, but the science that explains how this works is quite fascinating. Let me explain it you. We're going to look at a curve here, and the first curve is called the anabolic part of the curve. Now, the word "anabolic" means to build. That's the portion of the curve when you're eating and digesting. It's building part of your body. You're breaking down food and you're turning it into you, so you can absorb it. Like you take the food and you break it down to glucose. So the body absorbs it as glucose and the body takes the glucose in the bloodstream and it stores it as glycogen -- stuff that's not burned, it stores it as glycogen, and when we need it again, it turns it back to glucose again, you got that? Now, there's two phases of digestion. There's the anabolic phase and there's the catabolic phase. 

[00:36:13]


Okay, anabolic, catabolic. The anabolic phase is we're digesting food. And the catabolic phase is when we're living off of what we saved when we digested and stored away the food. That's the food when we're burning it off. It's like you go to the gas station and you fill up your car with gasoline, that's the anabolic, where you're filling it up. And as you're driving the car and burning off the gas, that's the catabolic phase, you following that? Okay, good, all right. So here's what's happening now. What happens is, in the anabolic phase, when the body is busy digesting, it's storing that food. It's not repairing itself, it's not detoxifying, it's not healing. When it goes into a catabolic phase and you're not digesting, that's the phase where the body can more effectively heal and detoxify and increase its repair. So, very often, when people enter that catabolic phase, they start to feel uncomfortable. Because the body heightens repair and it circulates toxins for removal. You see, because as we eat food that's not micronutrient rich, as we eat more processed foods, we eat foods that do not meet our micronutrient needs, we build up free radicals. We build up other toxins, like advanced glycation end products, called A.G.E.s. Right? Lipofuscin, aldehydes -- all kinds of toxins build up in the tissues -- you don't have to know those things. But it's when we stop eating and we're in that catabolic phase, the body tries to repair itself, and maybe you'll feel ill. Maybe you'll feel shaky or weak. You're not going to feel that well in the catabolic phase, but you know what makes you feel better? If you eat again and stop the catabolic phase, put you back in the anabolic phase again. You'll feel better. Because you feel better, you think it's hunger. I call it toxic hunger because it's feeling uncomfortable when you entered the catabolic phase. And instead of being able to burn off what you stored, instead of burning it off, you feel like eating again to feel better again. Like just imagine if you were drinking 10 cups of coffee a day. I know you're not, but just make believe you were, okay? You're drinking 10 cups of coffee a day. 

[00:38:14]


Or soda, right? And now I tell you, "stop the coffee right away." Are you going to feel better or worse? Worse, right. What's that called? Withdrawal. Or detoxification, right. So here's what I'm saying. I'm saying that the american diet is so toxic, it's like drinking 10 cups of coffee a day. It's like snorting cocaine, it's like smoking cigarettes. Actually, obesity is more dangerous than smoking cigarettes. Shortens your life more. You know what the word "addict" means? We learned in medical school, the word "addiction," it means that when you take something in that's unhealthy for you, you feel better while you're taking it in. You try to stop it, you feel bad. You can't stop it because you feel too ill if you try to stop it -- that's the word "addiction." So, here's what I'm sayi. I'm saying the american diet is so addicting, so poor, so unhealthy, that the minute people stop digesting food, even for a short period of time, they feel withdrawal symptoms. They feel what I call toxic hunger. It's toxic hunger, it's not true hunger most americans don't even know what hunger feels like, right? Let me finish explaining the science a minute, because this is pretty interesting. What happens now, remember the sugar was stored as glycogen, in the muscle tissues and in the liver? And now, let's say you're eating healthy and you lose your toxic hunger and yourdiction. So now you went to the catabolic phase and what do you feel? Nothing. You're fine. Live your life. Fun, great -- I ate, not hungry anymore. Am I hungry? No, I feel fine. Now I have the chance to burn off that glycogen, and as the glycogen starts to get used up, if I continue not to eat and all the glycogen is gone, what will happen? Because the brain can only be fueled by glucose. As you're sitting here listening to me talk, the brain is utilizing 90% of your caloric needs of the body. And the brain needs glucose to function. You're burning about 50 calories an hour, and about 45 of those 50 calories are being utilized by the brain. When the glycogen, which is turning back into glucose, 

[00:40:16]


is all used up, the body can break down muscle tissue to make glucose for the brain. You can't burn fat to make glucose for the brain. You could use the fat for exercise and activity, for other things for the body's needs, but not for the brain's use. The body's going to break down muscle tissue, because it can turn amino acids from the muscle tissue into glucose. You think the body wants to break down your muscle tissue to make glucose to feed the brain? It doesn't want to do that. It would prefer that you eat than break down muscle tissue. So, what do you think happens before you start losing any muscle tissue? You get truly hungry. You get real hunger, right? Which is felt in the mouth and throat. And it's accompanied by a dramatic, enhanced sense of taste, a heightened sense of taste that it makes food taste great and it makes eating 10 times more pleasurable than eating when you're not hungry. So, here's the thing. 'Cause I'm saying here and trying to explain to you that your body is a precise computer, directing you to the exact amount of calories you need to eat each day. Within 25 calories a day, your body knows exactly what to eat to maintain your lean body mass. 'Cause hunger is there to protect your lean body mass. Hunger does not exist to put fat on your body. To have gained weight, to have become overweight, you had to have eaten outside of the demands of true hunger. You had to have eaten because of recreation, because of toxic hunger, because of food addiction. When you get put back in touch with the instinctual drives to eat, of when to eat and when not to eat, you don't have to diet, you don't have to measure food anymore. You don't have to weigh anything. Your body's giving you the precise and exact signals of how much food you need to eat to maintain your perfect weight. Sets you free -- never have to diet again. And you know how much food you eat? You eat the amount of food you nt to eat! But the amount of food you want is the right amount for you now. You got that? All right, so, the secret here, to great hea and your ideal weight, is achieving micronutrient adequacy 

[00:42:17]


so you get back in touch with true hunger. Okay. Let's look at emily, okay? Emily is a woman who lost 100 pounds in one year. You know, it wasn't that she lost 100 pounds. That's very important. But she struggled her whole life with severe food addictions. And she'll tell you, she'll say the food addictions "affected my relation with my children, with my husband. I couldn't join them on camping trips. I couldn't do fun things with them. I had young children. I was literally tied to the house and bad health." She was depressed, she had frequent sinus infections. She had breathing problems and shortness of breath. She had a poor quality of life. Now, look at her. She looks 20 years younger. And if you could see the pictures real closely, you'll see her skin, the color of skin, the wrinkles of her face, her eyes that are now holding out. Looks like her mother, the way she looked a couple years ago, right? You know. Let's look at one more person from there, okay? Scott -- because scott lost over 300 pounds. I think he's lost about 330 pounds. That's a lot of weight. He was over 500 pounds. And you know, when scott lost, at 500 pounds, trying various diets, having cravings and addictions, if you say to scott, "how come all those diets never worked for you?" He'll say, "because I kept trying to lose weight, and now I'm focused on my health first." And, you know what, scott said, "it's all about achieving great health and the weight loss followed effortlessly, without even trying to get it off." And you know what -- he thought he lost all the weight he needed to lose when he got to be 195 pounds. He thought he was at the most favorable weight. He said, "look, I've gotten all the weight off." I said, "you never know, scott, just keep living your life." And now he's 175 pounds, right? He lost another 20 pounds. He wasn't trying to lose more weight. He was just happy with that first 300 pounds he lost. These are people, just like you and me. They're people with the same struggles, living ordinary lives. Finding it difficult to live on american food. 'Cause we've learned the wrong information. 

[00:44:18]


We've been confused about good health. Don't you want to be fit and stay fit as you get older? Don't you want to be excited about life, healthy? Right? Really healthy? Free of pain, without the need for medications and all their side effects, fully living for the years you are living? That's incredible health, right? Look. I'm a board-certified physician, and I've worked in emergency rooms. And clearly, medical care is valuable for emergency situations. But if people are falling off a cliff, we don't want to just have ambulances waiting at the bottom to pick them up. We need to put a fence at the top of the cliff to keep them from falling off, right? We want to stop people from falling. And your weight -- it's not just about the cosmetic issue. It's not losing weight to look good. Of course, that will happen, but you have to lose all that disease-causing fat to have a low risk of disease. Have a fun, pleasurable, healthy life. It's all part and parcel. So write this down, it's very important. I want you to write down... I want you to put that right on your refrigerator. Put it up there -- every time you open the refrigerator, every time you walk by the kitchen, you see the sign -- "the salad is the main dish." I want you to have a large salad every day. And you know what, I want you to have some seeds and nuts with your salad. Because when you eat a little healthy fat from seeds and nuts, with the salad, you increase the absorptionti of those phytochemicals and anti-cancer nutrients -- tenfold more nutrient absorption when you have a little fat with the salad. So, you don't want to snack on nuts. You want to eat it with the meal. Preferably, make a salad dressing out of them. Let me give you an example, right? I'll take a peeled orange or some orange juice, put it in the blender, throw a handful of raw cashews in, some lightly toasted sesame seeds, maybe a little blood orange vinegar or rice vinegar and maybe a squeeze of lemon in there. Whip it up -- rrrr! W it in the blender. 

[00:46:20]


Make it smooth and creamy. Pour it on a nice, delicious salad, maybe a little strawberries or kiwis and tomatoes and red onion -- delicious salad. This tastes good -- even the dressing tastes so good. You can eat the dressing with a spoon, practically. And the dressing is healthy. The dressing protects you against disease, as well as the salad. What most people do, they'll put like 3 tablespoons of oil on top with a lot of salt in it at 120 calories a tablespoon. They'll put 390 calories of dressing on 30 calories of vegetables. I'll say, "then forget the salad, just drink the dressing straight from the bottle." But clearly, this is an exciting way to eat. This is a nutrient-rich diet style, it's not a diet. It puts an end to dieting forever. It's just simple science. And you know what? It's not only science, because we have to consider that we make judgments bad on emotions and feelings, not just science and logic. The smoker? They know they should quit smoking, they know it's bad for them, but they don't, in some cases, right? Because the primitive part of the brain is saying to them, "it's too stressful to quit right now. My son gn a car accident. My husband might be losing his job. I've got stress in my life. I've got this problem, that problem," but you know what? Your life is so much more stressful and difficult to deal with and difficult to solve the problems in your life when you don't have your health. You have to get rid of your addictions. You have to take back control of your life. And there's a few days of getting rid of food addiction of feeling worse, yes. But it's worth it, because your whole life after that, food tastes better. You feel better, right? I know, some of you may think, you may be listening to me out there, saying, "that sounds great, it's really exciting, but it's not for me." You know? It is for you. It's not that hard. It sounds different, trying to eat more superfoods. Instead of dieting, we're trying to eat larger amounts of these high nutrition-rich superfoods and we're going to make them 

﻿Title: 3 Steps to Incredible Health! With Joel Fuhrman, M.D.
Description: Dr. Joel Fuhrman's health plan includes a nutrient-dense diet.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 6/4/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================


[00:12:14]


Welcome back to the "3 steps to incredible health with dr. Joel fuhrman. [ Applause ] thank you, thank you. Earlier we learned step two of my three steps to incredible health -- how to eliminate food addictions through proper nutrition. I told you about the difference between toxic hunger and true hunger and how, once you get rid of your food addictions, weight will just melt off you. And now I'm going to tell you about step three -- superfoods for health and pleasure. Now, our nation has spent billions and billions of dollars on cancer research, looking for a magic pill, and we've nothing to show for it. Right? We've hardly put a dent in reducing cancer deaths. But we can win the war on cancer. We can win the war on cancer right now because the answers are right in your local grocery stores and your kitchens. You can choose these foods that arm your body with heightened defenses against cancer. And these same properties in these superfoods cause you to achieve an ideal weight. Heart disease and diabetes also are easy to prevent and reverse. I have so many examples and so much evidence, from me and doctors like me, who can reverse heart disease with their patients. I mean, just look at this slide. This slide was cut-and-pasted from the american heart association website. It shows that heart attacks in america a hundred years ago hardly even existed. Yet today, it's the leading cause of death in america. Let's consider julia for a minute. Unfortunately, julia had three heart attacks in one year. Three heart attacks in one year. It seems like, whatever the doctors did, they couldn't stop it from happening. She was literally sent home to die, and she couldn't leave her house. She couldn't walk from more than the bedroom right to the bathroom. She couldn't move around that much without having pain. 

[00:14:16]


And of course, she was on multiple medications. All the medications she could be on. She was on more than 10 different medications. When she came to me as a patient, she was hopeless. Julia didn't just lose 105 pounds, she got rid of her heart disease. It melted away with proper nutrition. Just melted away. This is years ago. She goes to the gym, she goes to exercise class, she shops, she takes care of herself. She got her life back. This high-nutrient eating style that I'm teaching you today, that's been in the medical literature, in the medical studies, the scientific studies -- this was published in the medical journal metabolism, that showed that this way ofing lowers cholesterol more than cholesterol-lowering drugs. You see, but when you lower your cholesterol with superior nutrition, you drop your blood pressure simultaneously, without medication. You drop your weight. You increase your ability to be active and exercise. You perfuse your body with all these protective nutrients that reduce inflammation, and inflammation is a big part of the causation chain of heart disease and clots that cause heart attacks, right? It stabilizes the heart and makes it not have arrhythmias. Drugs and surgery are not the answer. A matter of fact, I call those medications that the doctors write on their prescription pads, I call it a "permission pad." Because the minute the person has that medication, they have the subconscious, now, permission that they can just go and live the lifestyle that caused the problem to begin with. They don't think they have any personal responsibility. The doctor's just taken care of it. We think our savior for good health is to go to more doctors and get more drugs, right? You're going in the wrongirection here. You know? The meta-analysis, meaning the large studies that pool together all the information on, let's say, high blood pressure medications -- it shows that the blood pressure medications lower the top number, called the systolic number, but it also, as it does that, 

[00:16:16]


it pushes the lower number too low. And as you get older, a lower diastolic is linked to irregular heartbeat and sudden cardiac death. It prevents the blood from getting back to the heart, because the diastoc blood pressure gets too low as you put the systolic back in the normal range. The medications are not the answer. We need to tell people, sure, medications may lower your risk a little bit, but they're no going to protect you. You want real protection, you have to change the way you eat. Nutritional excellence imparts super immunity. You don't have sinus infections. You get a viral infection, you bounce out of it in a day. Or you don't get sick at all. You have headaches all the time? You don't have your headaches. Breathing, asthma, so prone to allergies, fatigued all the time. Who nts to be sick all the time? Who wants to live your life being dependent on docto and a whole medicine cabinet full of toxic drugs that make you feel sick? You've got to take advantage of this modern science to get incredible health. You only get one life, you only get one body. You don't get another one when you blow it. Protection against cancer, against heart attacks, is related to your weight. And here's the relation... You see, a properly fueled body is a miraculous, self-healing machine. Let me give you some examples, okay? The studies on mushrooms and onions and berries and green vegetables show dramatic protection against cancer. And this is recorded in the scientific literature. Medical journals, like the international journal of cancer. Like the american journal of clinical nutrition. There was a study done recently, about a year ago, published in the international journal of cancer, on mushrooms. And they found that... How much mushrooms was that? [ Laughter ] it wasn't thatuch. You know, it was 10 grams of mushrooms a day, 

[00:18:17]


and 10 grams of mushrooms a day is only like one mushroom. Like one white mushroom is 10 grams a day. You know, don't you think that information should be on the front page of the new york times? You know, timemagazine? But there's something more here. Because in that same study they found that the women who ate in the highest quartile of mushroom consumption, the highest amount of mushroom, which was about 10 grams a day, if that group of women were eating green vegetables simultaneously, like green tea, or green vegetables with it, had an 89% reduction in breast cancer. That's just from eating green vegetables and mushrooms. What about the studies on onions? Well, a recent article, published in the american journal of clinical nutrition showed that -- in a large european study, in 12 different countries in europe -- showed that people who ate the most onions had between 60% and 75% reduction in all major cancers. They reduced colon cancer, they reduced prostate cancer, they reduced breast cancer, they reduced ovarian cancer, just from the higher consumption of onions. You ever cut an onion and it gives off that gas? Well, as the gas is given off, a chemical reaction's occurring, creating these disulfides and anti-cancer nutrients that are formed as you cut that onion. It's like a chemical reaction right in your own kitchen. You can smell and you can feel the effects. There's something else in these mushrooms and onions. We talked earlier about angiogenesis inhibitors and how the word "angiogenesis" means the growth of blood vessels. Well, when you have angiogenesis inhibitors, it prevents feeding nutrients into tumors and cancers. It doesn't allow them to grow. It prevents cancers from being formed and grown on your body, because they prevent those abnormal cells from being fueled -- and there's more. Because in simple mushrooms are something called aromatase inhibitors. Aromatase is an enzyme that works on body hormones. And the aromatase inhibitors in the mushrooms lower the level of the toxic levels of estrogen 

[00:20:18]


that promote breast cancer. And they lower the hormones that promote prostate cancer. In other words, what I'm telling you here is they have multiple effects that get cancer from lots of differengles to protect the body. They induce weight loss, and they protect you against disease. And green vegetables have all types of different systems and different nutrients that put a silicone-like slippery coating on the inside of your blood vessels. They activate something inside the blood vessel called the nrf2 mechanism that prevents plaque from binding, that accelerate the rate at which fat melts away from the inside of your blood vessels. In natural foods, nature already put substances that are supposed to protect you against disease. Your body is already disease-proof. But problem is, people don't eat those things. They don't consume them, right? All right, let's look at pam for a minute here. Because pam had metastatic ovarian cancer. She had 4 liters of fluid in her belly and in her lung, and her doctors told her that she had less than one year to live, like other people who had similar problems. Pam didn't like that prognosis. And I said to her, you know, who knows? Let's do everything we can to see if you can beat this. Don't give up, fight back. You know what? 17 years later, pam doesn't have cancer anymore. She's well, she's healthy. Right? She's vibrant, she's living life. She's a living success story. I'm not claiming every person with advanced cancer can reverse it, but I'm seeing it happen to people. Now, here's a simple way you can remember the superfoods that prevent cancer. It's called "gombs." Like the word "combs," like a comb for your hair. We put a "g" in front of it instead of a "c." "Gombs," okay? You got that? 

[00:22:18]


Those are the most powerful disease-fighting foods on the planet. And when you eat these foods -- you know, we talked about how all these foods protect against disease independently? But when you mix them together in the same diet style, can you imagine the type of cancer protection, the disease protection we're going to get here? When I say we're going to win the war against cancer and we could win the war right now, is this some crazy idea and I'm a total flake? Right? No. It's putting together the science from the nutritional scientific literature and showing people how they can make it taste delicious. Right? How they can enjoy it. How they can be motivated to make the changes so they can protect their health, because people deserve to know this, they deserve to have incredible health. So, look... When you eat these foods, we can retrain the taste buds to like them more. You like what you're used to eating. And when you get great health, your taste buds improve. As your, you know, your whole body improves. Like your smell gets better, your taste gets better. Part of being in good health is having great, strong taste buds. And you enjoy eating more, not less. Like we can make a great tasting soup on the weekend. You can take it to work with you every day. Maybe put some carrot juice in the soup. Put onions and mushrooms in the soup. Put green vegetables in. Put all the spices and herbs and all the ways to make it taste great. Make a "knock your socks off," great-tasting mushroom-bean-onion soup. And you can have nice desserts. Maybe some dessert with frozen strawberries, you know, whipped up into a sorbet, or a frozen mango or coconut. Retrain and strengthen your taste buds. And learn to prefer healthy eating. Right? Like these other people did. And what happens when people do this? What happens when they have diseases and they do it, they can often get better. Most often they get well. 'Cause the body is always trying to make itself get well again. It's always fighting for your health. The body is there, it's already a self-repairing, self-healing machine, 

[00:24:21]


if you fuel it properly. We can take the science and we can apply it to have a life that's longer and more pleasurable that couldn't have happened to our ancestors. That couldn't have happened at earlier points in human history. We didn't know as much as we know now. We're in the nutritional sciences advanced that we can take this new science and apply it in our lives. John pellakowski has been a patient of mine. He's been a patient of mine since the early '90s. When he came to me at the age of 72, 18 years ago, he had triple vessel disease in his heart. He had blockages in his heart. He had chest pain. The cardiologist did stress tests and angiograms, showed the blockages in his heart and told him he needed angioplasty. So he followed to the "t" what I told him too. He dropped about 30, 40 pounds the first three or four months. He went back to the cardiologist, said, "i'm feeling well, I can walk without pain." The cardiologist said to him, "i've never seen a person reverse their heart disease like this. I never saw somebody completely reverse their heart disease like you did." Well, why didn't you see a lot of people? I see people like this all the time. As a cardiologist, you should see hundreds of people that reverse their heart disease through natural means. You don't see it because you don't know about it to apply it. Evs got to know about this. And here's why I'm telling you about john. He didn't just get rid of his heart disease, which, of course, is gone. But he's been my patient now for the last 18 years, after he got rid of his heart disease. And now he's 90 years old. And now he's chopping wood in his backyard, he's climbing the roof on ladders, repairing the roof of his house. He's physically fit. Slim, fit, in great shape at 90. And he's not near the end of his life. And he doesn't have heart disease. It's not from aging. You know, water runs off a waterfall and hits a rock. And after 20,000 years, the rock splits in two and breaks apart. The water hit the rock and eventually it wore it down, right? Well, that's how these diseases occur. 

[00:26:22]


That's how heart disease occurs. You stress that body out, day after day, week after week, month after month. The american diet took its toll on you over all those years. But just like john pellakowski. The minute he changed his diet, he starts getting better and better and better as time goes on. As htting older, he's getting healthier. You know, this is what we see from studies around the world. We see that primitive cultures, with long-lived populations, their most elderly members of those pulations have the same blood pressure as children, in the same tribe, in the same group. 

[01:00:40]


>> I never practice putting. >> Really? >> Yeah, because the more I think about it, the worse it gets. >> Dan Kuramoto of the band Hiroshima had played his best round of golf. >> Uh-oh. >> Convinced he could never repeat that level of performance, Dan retired his 

﻿Title: Action News
Description: Gardner, Russell, Tynan.
Channel: 6 - WPVIDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:36:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/21/2002
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: Al Rojo Vivo con Mar??a Celeste
Description: Mar??a Celeste conduce este espacio donde informa al televidente sobre el acontecer diario, presenta videos dram??ticos e ins??litos, adem??s ofrece segmentos de inter??s.
Channel: 406 - TELE
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 4/29/2002
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Not killed a stringer but by people she knew do teenage brothers that live close to her house. 
>> We mourn the loss of a young girl autumn pasquale, her life was tragically cut short before it began. 
>> Police we led to a blue recycing bin like this one. It was on the east clayton avenue and inside they found the lifeless body of 12-year-old tumn pasquale. She was last seen riding on her white bmx bicycle, the bike was found at the home next door to where she was found. The boys in the home are arrested, they are 15 and 17 years old. Autumn was lured into the house by the 15-year-old. Autumn was lured to the juvenile's home for the purpose of obtaining parts for her bmx bike when this tragedy occurred. The preliminary reports show strangling and preliminary reports show no sign of sexual assault. They say they can't believe they would be capable of such a horrendous crime. I have been with them since saturday. Since home coming. 
>> Nothing unusual going on? 
>> He is average, he gets in trouble like everybody else does. 
>> Investigators say they got a break when the mother of boys called to say she found some disturbing postings on her son's facebook page that is when they found her body in the bin next door to their house. They are not charged as adults and that may change later until then we are withholding their names. 

[00:02:10]


>> Thank you david. News of these arrests bringing some relief to the clayton complaint that has been rocked by this killing, it has been an emotional day to say the least. annie McCormick is live in clayton with reaction to the arrests. 
>> Emotional to say the least, look behind me, the street is filling up behind me with more people, they have remained on the street where autumn was discovered. When they found out that arrests were made from people that live around here, while police were releasi the names they know the people responsible. 
>> I can't imagine them doing that, they are young kids, they shouldn't be worried about killing a little child that was so innocent, it's so shocking, it could have happened through bad childhood, you never know what goes through a child's head. Anger and shock now that the news is out that it involves to boys from the community. Earl your today say that going to school was too much. 
>> You walked in and it was upsetting and you just cried and didn't stop. As word spread last night into this morning. The body of autumn pasquale was discovered. Fellow students at the high school and friends and strangers grieved all around the town of clayton. Autumn's family thanked everyone and remembered the bright, beautiful young girl. 
>> She was an angel here on earth and an angel up in heaven. 
>> That crowd is getting larger on this street. We are told now from the superintendant of the schools that there will be grief counselors all week, it's up to parents to decide if parents need to stay home from school in order to heal and there is a vigil expected tonight at a local church at 9:00. We are live in clayton, new JERSEY, annie McCormick, channel 6 "action news." 

[00:04:22]


>> Heart breaking we'll stay with more on this, and have updates on "action news" at 6:00 and we'll bring the late of online at 6abc.Com. 
>>> The searchontinues for the missing baby girl presumed kidnapped from montgomery county. Flyers showing saavni are circulating. They drained the pool where they lived. There was no sign of the girl after someone murdered her grandmother. Who took the girl and murdered the grandmother remains a mystery. 
>> Can you think of any reason that someone would do your family harm? 
>> We don't have any idea, and we don't have any suspicion on anyone. 
>> Nobody has made threats? 
>> No, no. 
>> Saavni's parents came to america from india and lived in texas and michigan before moving here in june. 
>>> A delaware county couple is sharing their story of survival after a bizarre crash, a tire flew off the truck of the schuylkill expressway and hit their car before landing on the roof yesterday. Vernon odom has their account of it all. 
>> It's a horrible moment. 
>> Horrible for lee and her husband. Suddenly the runaway tractor trailer broad seeded them and she is 7 months pregnant. 
>> I felt tired. The tire hit our car. 
>> She was covered with shattered glass and it was even inside of her mouth. 
>> She was crying and I tried to figure out what happened to us. 
>> By the time they regained their senses they were surrounded by police and fire rescue. She was worried about her baby and she was kept in the hospital overnight. 

[00:06:31]


>> My baby looks good, great. They were just married 7 months ago in their south korean homeland. They were on their way to her english class when the tire hit them. 
>> We are s fortunate because we were not injured. 
>> The investigation by state police continues, an inspection of the tractor trailer believed to be the one involved is being set up at this hour. The driver does not appear to be in deep, hot water, but will be hit with a summary offense, something along the order of driving with an unsecured tire. 
>> I hope it never happens again to other people. 
>> In media, vernon odom, channel 6 "action news." 
>> After months of repairs, following a massive water main break, a south pladelphia intersection is open tonight. Mayor michael nirt was thereafter the water main broke and left a hole in the street there. Traffic is that area returned to normal. 
>>> And speaking of traffic, it's time for your "action news" traffic report, folks are trying to get home tonight. 
>> Matt pellman is in the traffic center. 
>> That is the goal, good afternoon to you, speaking of normal we have this afternoon delay on most days on the vine street expressway. There was an earlier crash on the eastbound vine past the schuylkill but that luckily has cleared out and we have the crash at may fair and tyson and normal delays on the schuylkill expressway. On 95 on the northbound side by the airport, we had boxes on the road but the police have cleared them out. But a crash at willow grove, people were injured at york road at sunset lane and watch out in montgomery coin, close to agustous lutheran church. And we still have slowing on the southbound side of the turnpike in camden county, because of a disabled truck. And normal delays on the southbound side of 295. 

[00:08:45]


>> See you then, thank you matt. Still to come on "action news" tuesday night, a new way to melt belly fat. Doctors say that the secret is to use the fat usual already got. 
>> Rick, wead clouds and pockets of sunshine today, overall mild for october. We will talk about a tale of temperatures on the way tomorrow and the latest on tropical storm sandy. 
>>> And the final debate is behind them. A look at how the match-up could shape the final two weeks ahead of the election. Those stories and much more when "action news" at pressure cold get Coricidin HBP. The number one pharmacist recommended cold brand designed for people with high blood pressure. And the only one I use to relieve my cold symptoms out raising my blood pressure. Coricidin HBP. I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. 

[00:12:18]


>>> Philadelphia police are looking for a trio of thugs that beat a man inside of a philadelphia sto they caught the attack inside of the moore's mini mart. The suspects tried to rob a man IN HIS 50s ON FRIDAY NIGHT. When he refusioned to give up the money they began kicking and punching him police arrived and arrest the one suspect, michael wallman and the other three got away. The victim is nursing serious injuries. Call police if you have any information. 
>>> The savage murder of a gay wyoming college student matthew shepard made headlines and today his mother spoke at university of penn. She showed them video of matt's case and other hate crimes, some of these students were babies when matthew shepard was killed and says that bullying is universal and to take action to stop the hate. 
>>> There are more cases of meningitis in the outbreak and ali gorman is here with more. 
>> The number of people that have gotten sick from the contaminated steroids shots has passed the 300 mark. There are 308 cases in 17 states, linked to the injections and of those 23 people have died. Massachusetts officials say they found unsanitary conditions at the company that makes the steroid including black specs of fungus, and that drugs were spiped before the results of safety tests came back. 
>> A lot of people struggle with belly fat especially as they get older, but we know that belly fat can put people at risk of diabetes and dementia, but we could fight belly fat with an injection. At ohio state university they are melting the bad fat by using good fat known as brown fat, they use the cells and put them in a tiny gel-like count ill. 80 days after injected mice they lost 20% of their white or bad fat. 

[00:14:44]


>> The abdominal fat becomes more likely to burn calories. 
>> Still some of the fat did return after the injection but not all of it. Even when the mice was put on high fat diets, they will start to test the shots on humans in a few years think the best way to banish belly fat is with exercise and cutting calories. And cell phones are part of life these days and so are the determines that come with them. New lab tests by the wall street journal fine that most cell phones and blackberries have a host oferms that spread pink eye and common flu bugs. Rubbing alcohol can sometimes damage phones and safe products don't kill the germs. In the teen time be sure too wash your hands often and watch where you lay your phone down, don't lick your phone. 
>> I wear a hospital mask with mine. 
>> I'm waiting for the cleaners. 
>> Thank you. More to come on "action news" tone. Apple unveils its newest product, the ipad mini.! 

[00:18:56]


>>> Delaware based dupont is looking to make hundreds of job cuts worldwide. They will cut 1500 jobs over the next 12 to 18 months. They had a big drop in earnings and but they have not said where the job cuts will be made. 3m and xerox rattled investors on wall street and the dow jones plunged to its lowt level in weeks, the nasdaq drop 26 points and the s&p fell 20 and change. 
>>> Apple unveiled big news unveiling its ipad mini, the smaller version featured a screen two-thirds the size of a regular ipad, it's about as thick as a pencil and that is to help counter against cheaper tablets from amazon and google. IT HITS STORES ON NOVEMBER 2nd. Job seekers had a chance to meet with employers in center city philadelphia. A job fair at the embassy suites airport. Many local chapters. Naacp participated in the event and they had a chance to meet with companies that are actively looking to fill positions. 
>>> More coming up on "action news" tone. Taking a look outside sky 6 hd, melissa magee has your accuweather forecast. A few cl "I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message." "I'll protect Social Security and Medicare." C'mon Tom Smith. It's time to shoot straight. Tom Smith is the millionaire Tea Party founder who supports a radical budget... ...that would cut Social Security benefits by nearly 40 percent... ...and end Medicare in two years...even for current recipients. Why? To give big tax breaks to millionaires like himself. Tom Smith. Extremely wrong for Pennsylvania. pressure cold get Coricidin HBP. The number one pharmacist recommended cold brand designed for people with high blood pressure. And the only one I use to relieve my cold symptoms without raising my blood pressure. Coricidin HBP. machine feet, and it gave me my custom number. My arches needed more support until I got my number at the free Dr. Scholl's Foot Mapping Center. I'm a believer! And you will be too! Learn where to find your number at DrScholls.com. The weather and the sun is playing peekaboo. 

[00:23:27]


>> Yes throughout much of the day, we had a mild day despite the cloud cover overhead. The high temperatures over philadelphia is 71 degrees and 65 in trenton and 65 in wilmington and 57 in the poconos, you notice to the north and west it's much colder because you were in and out of that cloud cover through most of the day. We'll wide and out the picture and this tells the story. You can see a frontal boundary draped across nework state and new york city, temperatures to the north of this front is cooler, to the south of that we ARE IN THE 70s, FOR PHILADELPHIA Down through baltimore and where we have that frontal boundary we are tracking the warmer weather. We are tracking scattered showers and they are lightn nature, we have a little bit of this activity moving to the north in the afternoon, with the dry air mass it's falling apart. Nonetheless as we get into wane, future tracker 6 at 7:00 in the morning, that is draped close to our region, as you wake up tomorrow morning, the fair amount of cloud cover, right around that frontal boundary. As we get into the afternoon hours, 4:30 looks mostcloudy skies and ahead of that front there will be sunshine, in the 80s. Rit along that front is a temperature contrast, TEMPERATURES ARE IN THE 70s, AND To the south of that easily GETTING INTO THE 80s. A tale of two temperatures on the way tomorrow. We'll talk about the tropics, here is tropical storm sandy, winds sustained at 65 miles per hour and moving to the north-northeast at 6 miles per hour. And moving east of jamaica. This will likely srengthen and be a category one hurricane. The big consensus is that this hurricane moves off to the north and east by sunday but we have to watch the system coming in from the north and west and this is something we could be watching for the rest of the weekend. A look ahead, clouds and sunshine and high temperature of 73, morning fog and sunshine and 69. It stays warm and a high temperature of 79 degrees, it will stay nice and we'll check out the numbers in the accuweather seven day. A big birthday bash for a woman, the same day woodrow wilson was elected president, she is 100 years young, eleanor is a mother, and a grandmother and great, great grandmother. Eleanor told us that the keys to her long heity is books. She turned the page on a new chapter in her story. Happy birthday eleanor. 

[00:26:38]


>> She looks great. Still to come at 5:00, a texas grandmother is holding on to her han bag tighter tonight after police say it likely saved her life. We'll explain. 
>> The philadelphia archdiocese is scraping its decades old plan for this scrap of land in bucks coin. We'll tell you why. This little kitten. Those stories and me to take a centrum silver multivitamin every day. I told him, sure. Can't hurt, right? Then I heard this news about a multivitamin study looking at long-term health benefits for men over 50. The one thd in that study... Centrum silver. That's what I take. My doctor! He knows his stuff. 
[ Male Announcer ] CENTRUM SILVER. The most recommended. Most preferred. Most studied. Centrum, always your most complete. 

[00:29:11]


>>> Hello again, monica is off and alicia vitarelli joining us and here is what is happening tone. Two weeks before the americans head to the polls, that means full steam ahead. Plus, a dog is on the mend after being severely injured and being left by the side of road, we'll hear from the man that found it. And firefighters roll up their sleeves to help the family of a fallen comrade. 
>> The presidential debates are over and now president obama and mitt romney are targeting the swing states. They are putting out the fires in florida and romney moves west to ohio and nevada. They are hoping to sure up undecided voters. 
>> Hi, the debates are over and the election has reached the home stretch. They are both trying to take a lead in the contest that looks dead even. 
>> They launched an aggressive push to get voters to vote to weeks before election day. They have ads airing in key battleground states. The last thing we should do is turn back now. 
>> Mitt romney is on the airways with an add of his own. 
>> The path is one represented by the president, at the end of four years we would have $41 trillion in debt. Today the president released a 20 page booklet of his plans for the next four years. 
>> In this plan I have laid out my plans for middle class security, unlike mitt romney, i am proud to talk about what is in it. 
>> They will spend the next to weeks trying to break into the battleground states, playing for ohio knowing the buckeye state is the key to victory. Winning ohio is the easiest way to a win for obama. And if romney loses there, he needs to sweep the other battlegrounds. 

[00:31:29]


>> He could but the same kind of forces that would propel obama to a ohio victory will be there in the other battleground states as well. 
>> Mitt romney has a one point advantage over president obama, it is romney's first lead since late august. 
>> Thank you. You can keep trackf the political news at the politics channel at 6abc.Com. We have updates from the cam explain trail as well as a slideshow. 
>>> An amber alert remains in effect for missing 10-month-old saavni venna. Someone took her from her grandmother's care yesterday, and then they found her grandmother's body and they continue to investigate her death.. Investigators drained the pool but there was no sign of the babe why I have. The fbi is also helping with the search. 
>>> A bucks county puppy is recovery after being found on the side of the road. But the dog's owner says the injuries are no accident. Walter perez is live in langhorne where the dog is being treated. 
>> Reporter: This dog actually lost her eyesight that is how hard of a blowo the head she received and most people do not believe this was an accident. 
>> This is beyond cruel to me. 
>> Marie of bristol township says that she is convinced that someone hit her dog over the head with a bat or club after the dog escaped this past friday. It was late in the evening that jessica received a 911 call about a dog terribly injured by the road. Jessica was so disturbed by the call she when to the animal hospital after the shift. 

[00:33:30]


>> She was scared and held her tail between her legs for most of the time. 
>> She suffered a blow to the head so severe it causes fractures in spots and knocked the dog's eyes out of their sockets but this story could have ended worse. 
>> She suffered major skull injuries and is he lucky to be alive. The dog named dusk was reunited with her owner. Marie says this is only possible because jessica took in dusk as her own and a local paper wrote a story. 
>> I can't thank her enough. She treated our dog like we treat our dog. 
>> Jessica says it's highly unlikely that the dog got hit by the car. 
>> She doesn't have abrions or road rash on her. Animal control officers were on the scene looking for witnesses where dusk was found. Meanwhile marie says that the person responsible must be found. 
>> They need to be caught and this is the beginning, if someone does this to a dog what can they do to someone else. 
>> Anybody with information is asked to call the bristol police, if you would like to keep tabs on dusk's recovery, a facebook page is dedicated to dusk the dog and a link can be found at 6abc.Com. 
>> Thank you walter. 
>>> Delaware spca officers rescued several neglected horses from a farm in camden, kent county today. You can see by the pictures that the animals are malnourished and 150 pounds underweight. Owner is facing numerous animal cruelty charges. 

[00:35:33]


>> Convicted child molester jerry sandusky is now a state prison inmate. He was transferred from county jail too camp hill prison in harrisburg, the 68-year-old is sentenced to 30 years behind bars for sexually abusing ten boys over a 10 year period. His attorneys have filed an appeal saying they didn't have enough time to prepare for trial. 
>>> The archdiocese and catholic officials are scraping a new plan for a high school. They cannot build the school near limokiln pike and ricketts, the land was purchased in 1991. The parcel reserved for the project will likely be sold. 
>>> Philadelphia firefighters are proving their sense of brotherhood knows no bounds, dozens of firefighters repaved diane neeri's driveway today. He was one of the firefighters killed in april. They were hopg to give someone some side work near her home. Instead they did her the favor. Getting supplied donated and their time and energy. 
>> If the roles were reversed bob wob d be helping my wife down the street or across the city with someone else. 
>> I lost my family and they are here to hold me up or any person or child or wife, half it can be, to help you continue your life. 
>> It's a beautiful thing. 
>> The firefighters will also redo neary's fence in the coming weeks. Now a check of the highways and byways. 

[00:37:34]


>>> Lucky on both sides of fence things don't look too bad. Slow speeds on the eastbound side of the blue route past the curve but overall not bad. 95 by the vine street expressway slow speeds and an accident at charles street at sterling street and a bad accident at marlboro, a medical chopper is on stand by and the crash is at een hill and gravel pike. And the bridge is reopen after having been rebuilt, it was out of commission for the last six months, for the 2000 of you that used that bridge are you back in business now. Now on 202 in chestier companionship, normal avenue volume and a little bit of sun glare this afternoon. 
>> Thank you matt. 
>> Still to come on "action news" tonight. A texas grandmother can thank her purse for saving her life. We'll show you her story. That is some pocketbook. 
>> Who knew kitchen utensils could be so much fun. And melissa magee is with us tonight. 
>> Hi there, lots of clouds around this evening, and otherwise it will be fairly mild, it stays mild for late october tomorrow and more on tropical storm sanny with the accuweather forecast. 
>> We'll have the stories and jaime apody has eagles and SIXERS NEWS. [ Male AnnounceS. THIS COMMERCIAL IS NOT ABOUT GETTING FiOS. IT'S ABOUT [ Male AnnounceS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:41:20]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, whicthink is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. 
>>> A houston grandmother is holding on to her purse a little tighter tone. It may have saved her life. A man approached dolly and demanded she hand over her purse, she refused and he shot her in the leg and when she aimed at her chest she used the purse as a shield. 
>> I think the purse saved my life because he I had it over my chest. The thieves got away with dolly's iphone? 
>> They hope the gms tracker can lead them to the suspect. Dolly says a guardian angel is watching over her. 
>>> Just released police video shows you a man sat on the guy, he says burglarized his truck. The truck owner, renee, chased him down the street and tackled him and sat on him until he arrived. The alleged bad guy was happy the police showed up so he could catch a breath. 
>> Wow. Jaily is here with sports. Eagles-atlanta. 
>> The falcons come in undefeated and our birds can't afford another loss, the offensive line is a mess and they signed center matt tenented. And the lions dropped them to 3-3, and that led andy reid to make a bold decision firing juan castillo, so sun the first game of the new era and the birds defense looking forward to the change. 

[00:43:52]


>> How excite ready you to see what todd bowles can do? 
>> Is he a great motivator and he played and coached for years as wlg. We respect him and trust him and he will put us in a position to win. 
>> We are all excited. The whole defense is excited? 
>> He is a smart coach and will make all the right calls and put us in position to make plays. 
>> Another member of that defense, nnamdi asomugha, is getting ready, they were at the elementary school and dedicated a new fit and room for the kids. He is expected to get a bigger workout on sunday. 
>> Getting back on the winning track and we started out winning games and now the last couple we haven't been able to pull them out in the end and we want to get back to winning. 
>> Why was jeremy maclin in a high school classroom? We'll explain coming up at 6:00. It will be giants and tigers world series. The hunter pence three-run double, look at it closely again. Pence's back hits this ball, not once, right there, not ties right there, the ball hits the bat three times. Never seen anything like it. 
>> It's incredible. Very emotional we have to first of all give credit to the other side. The cardinals are an incredible team and they have made miracles happen the last two years but unfortunately open one team moves on. 
>> The champagne throwing in the clubhouse. For the srs nt up opening night they will all count hopefully not an opener on halloween. The last tune up and they beat the knicks 98-90. The sixers finished up an almost perfect preseason, 6-1 and they did that all without center andrew bynum. So you can expect bigger and better things because he should be ready for the opener. 

[00:46:26]


>>> Who says you need traditional instruments to make music. 54 children from zan zan elementary donned spoons and bowls and practiced for several weeks to whip up the performance. 
>> We did that on new years eve every year, banged on the pots and pans. 
>> My wife bangs me with a pot sometimes. 
>> Here is diane sawyer with a look ahead. 
>> Reporter: Hello everyone in philly. Tonight on world news, the campaign now at warp speed we have a brand new poll and we'll show you where the president is now sleeping and tell you governor romney's plans and take you with us. And how much caffeine is too much? Covering this energy drink story tone, it's all about your heart and health and caffeine. here office. 
[ Man ] I GOT IT WHEN I UPLOADED A GIGABYTE Of photos. I literally wanted to say "did you see that?" 
[ Male Announcer ] WHEN PEOPLE SWITCH FROM CABLE TO VERIZON FiOS, There comes a moment when they get it. The difference 100% fiber optics makes. When I saw that picture, I really got it. I can enjoy the game better at home than going to the stadium. I got it when our apartment became theapartment. 
[ Male Announcer ] ONCE YOU'VE GOT IT, YOU Get it. But don't take our word for it. Ask a friend or a neighbor and see why millions call the verizon center HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. FOR CUSTOMERS With disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. 

[00:50:18]


>>> Managers of the mount laurel wegmans did some work for a good cause, they are growing blueberries and concord grapes and other fruits of our area. They are donating the proceeds to families to get them to eat healthier. It's a push for better eating, I'm getting all choked up with all of that healthy food. 
>> Jersey fresh. We had a cloudy day and pocts of sunshine and mild for late october and the mild trend continues, we'll talk about what is going on. Sky 6 hd, that frontal boundary drapes across our region earlier today starting to lift to the none and fall ago part as i works to a pretty dry air mass an we'll talk about that. Lets look at the temperatures, right now in philadelphia, 71 degrees, our high temperature for the day, 65 in trenton and 69 right now in wilmington, you'll notice to the north and west, 69 in reading and 65 in the poconoss, hard presses to get out of t cloud cover, the same thing in dover and millville. Here is stormtracker 6 live 3d this is what we are tracking the frontal boundary within that unsettled weather and light showers, for the most part that stays away from our region tonight. Here is the setup into wednesday, lots of clouds around once aga because the front will weaken to the south and it won't make too much progress to the south, so a fair amount of cloud cover overhead and a deviation if are you north or south of the front. North of the frongt will be SLIGHTLY COOLER IN THE 70s BUT Still mild for late october. But if are you south of that front you'll break out in the enough sunshine for delaware and southern sections of new jersey FOR 80s. High pressure over new england and you tap into an easterly flow off the atlantic and high temperature on thursday 69 degrees, we'll have a mixture of clouds and sunshine. Lets talk about the tropics, we have tropical storm sandy and 60 miles per hours, 260 miles south-southwest of jamaica and this continues notice northeasterly track and will likely strengthen to a category one hurricane as it crosses near or over jamaica, the question is where will it go as it leaves jamaica, most of the models has it leaving to the northern and curving off sure away from the coastline once we get into the weekend but this is something we have to fine tune because there is another piece of energy that is moving over the u.S. Main land that could bring this close to our area, it's something to watch closely for you. A lot could happen between now and the weekend and now and early next week. A call from accuweather, cloudy and not too cool. 58 to 53, and the forecast clouds and sunshine on wane and high temperatures 73 degrees moning fog and sun on thursday and 69, not bad on friday and warm at 70 and an indian summer on saturday, high temperatures of 71 and most of us have seen our first frost with the exception of philadelphia. Temperatures above average for the weekend and once we get into sunday and monday we'll watch the coast to see what happens with sandy. 

[00:53:58]


>> I LOVE THE 70s. Making sure you get enough sleep when are you young is trending today look at this. A kitten found a new spot to relax, nothing going on around it except its owner pointing a camera in its face, the kitten looks around for a toy or some food and then the heavy blinking starts and the kitten is down for the count, he doesn't more from his hairy face plant at all. Head to the trending channel at 6abc.Com. If you would like to see more. 

[00:56:47]


>> Some students in montgomery county got a hands on lesson in democracy. Boys and girls at perkiomen elementary school took part in a mock election. They cannot officially vote yet but the run through gave them a chance to consider ballot questions. Each represented a different part of the map and each represents a state and a vote. Jim gardner is standing by with these sisteries next at 6:00. Two brothers under arrest in the murder of autumn pasquale. And an underground fire, sparked a fire at a downtown business and cuts power to several others. Now for monica malpass, meteorologist, adam joseph, melissa magee, alicia vitarelli an from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. 

[00:59:17]


>>> "Action news" delaware valley's leading news program with ducis rogers, meteorologist, cecily tynan and jim gardner. 
>> The body of 12-year-old autumn pasquale has been found and two teenage boys are arrested and charged with her murder. The worst fears of a gloucester county fily and a gloucester county community have been confirmed. The big story on "action news" on this tuesday night is the account of the luring and murder of a young girl in clayton, new 

﻿Title: Al Rojo Vivo
Description: Mar??a Celeste conduce este espacio donde informa al televidente sobre el acontecer diario, presenta videos dram??ticos e ins??litos, adem??s ofrece segmentos de inter??s.
Channel: 406 - TELE
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 4/29/2002
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Chance.???????????? 
>> ReporYOU KNOW WHERE You're going? 
>> Never know where you're going report roar do you know where you're staying. 
>> Never know where we're staying report roar do you know where you're eat. 
>> Never know where eating or what we're doing. They don't tell us anything. 
>> Reporter: Mercy, returned from a jaunt in europe. But this group is not fore a personalities. None of these people had any idea they were crossing the atlantic until they got there. 
>> It's just a big mystery. 
>> Reporter: That's exactly the allure for her fellow mystery travelers. Did you know where you were going? 
>> We had no idea. 
>> Reporter: The wheelers fork over thousands of dollars. But get zero details. 
>> Nothing really. 
>> Nothing? 
>> It's a mystery. We don't know where we're going. We just book it. 
>> Reporter: Who is the sleuth behind the curtain. 
>> Got to be a little crazy to do this. 
>> Reporter: Travel agent march cosier. 
>> Love to have you come along. 
>> Reporter: Is the mystery tour mastermind. 
>> They have no idea where they're going. 
>> Reporter: She charts a course but yet couldn't seals it from her clients. 
>> We tell them a little bit about the climate. 
>> Reporter: Travel agents are looking for relevance. 
>> It's my claim to fame at aaa after 29 years. ???????????? 
>> Reporter: March's profession parachute is no mystery. 
>> I've never had a complaint seriously. 
>> Reporter: It's selling excitement. 
>> They sell out in five minutes. 
>> Reporter: And her customers like the wheelers keep coming back. 
>> They always pull a rabbit out of the hat. 
>> Reporter: For more mystery. 
>> I've already paid for the next one. 
>> Reporter: Wherever it lands. 
>> That's one way to travel. Here's some news your kids may like. Some of the best trick or treating in the country is right here in philadelphia. According to real estate site zillow.Com philly ranks ninth when it comes to trick or treating. Taking into account the most candy, the least walking and overall safety. The sight says the best neighborhoods in the city are chestnut hill, manayunk, mt. Airy, south phillnd fox chase. And by the way, the best trick or treating in the country is in san francisco. 

[00:02:09]


>>> So where do you go to trick or treat? Join the conversation on twitter. Use the hash tag "fox 29". 
>>> Heard you have pretty good candy, lauren. 
>> No. 
>> That means she does. The pressure is on, scott, not only do we nice weather to last but we're looking ahead to halloween. 
>> That's right, thomas. We could have some clouds and showers around for halloween. Of course, we are going to be watching things with sandy in the days to come. So, of course, we'll monitor that forecast. Right now as we take look the ultimate doppler south of philadelphia and south jersey right now around the area we are tracking a few spotty showers, but most of us will remain dry throughout the evening. 
>>> Now the culprit in this front draped overhead. So that brought us the clouds throughout the day today and also a few showers but most of the rainfall today was confined into sections of new england. So let's take a look at the last six hours. And you can see on the satellite and radar, theulk of the rain today was well to our north. But that frontal boundary is just draped right over the heart of the delaware valley. So we have enough instability and lift in the atmosphere to get a few sprinkles tonight as well as the forecast for tomorrow. The low this morning was 50 degrees. The high today, we managed 71 degrees. That's well above our normal this time of year which is 64 degrees. Temperatures right now range in the upper 50s to low 60s around the region. It's 59 degrees in pottstown. 62 currently in philadelphia and millville is checking in at 63 degrees. The forecast for tonight, we'll watch that boundary draped overhead. We'll keep the clouds around a passing shower likely, and that threat will continue tomorrow especially to the north of us. Now, with that frontal boundary around, we're looking at the clouds but we'll also have a few breaks in the clouds with sunshine. That will warm us up into the 70s again. So 74 degrees will be the high temperature tomorrow. That will be about 10 degrees above average. The forecast for thursday, we're looking pretty good. But we will watch that flow coming in off the ocean. That could bring us a few more clouds. So certainly something that we'll monitor. 70 degrees, though, that will be above average as we move in to the latter part of the week. So a little bit of an indian summer with temperatures above average after that frost we had several weeks ago. As we head to the tropics, right now in the caribbean we're watching tropical storm sandy. It's picking up a little bit of speed moving to the north northeast right now at about 8 miles an hour, about 200 miles away from jamaica, maximum sustained winds are up to 60 miles per hour. So as we take a look at the project the path, likely intensifying into a hurricane as it approaches jamaica as well as cuba, then eventually toward the bahamas here. Most of the models curve it back out to sea toward bermuda, but a few models want to track sandy parallel to the eastern seaboard so certainly something that we'll continue to monitor. So as we take a look at those spaghetti plots, you can see moving to the north then curving back out to sea. So we do have some time to watch it. The frontal boundary that is going to really be the pitch vo tal player here as we watch that cold front sunday approach our area. A few showers associated with i as sandy moves into the cooler waters likely to lose its tropical characteristic but be a sprawl big area of low pressure. If it takes this track a little closer to the united states, that would mean a major impacts but if it takes that track and curves out to sea, the impacts will be lower. So the worse case scenario would be that track farther inland and that would mean a major problems around parts of the eastern seaboard, so this is the worst of the scenarios, strong damaging winds, heavy rain, beach erosion and possible river flooding but right now, that is still too early to call. So you'll want to keep it here to the weather authority. Sue serio will have the latest tomorrow morning on good day with sandy and some of the potential impacts to the eastern seaboard. So, of course, keep it here for the latest on that. 

[00:06:25]


>> All right, scott, thank you. 
>>> The man who claims he was the manager of x factor judge britt tee spears heads to court. Why cease suing the singer's family. 
>> Pumping iron has nothing on new workout trend. Tennis anyone? Up next ] flavor. Experts in aroma. They're the world championship cheese judges. 
[ air horn blowing ] And while they might seem kind of odd to you -- like this guy -- we just love them. And at the 2012 championship, they awarded cracker barrel gold for cheddar for its rich, full flavor. Thanks cheese geniuses. Cracker barrel. It's cheddar, perfected. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. I don't know how my people in the United Statates Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preservingealth care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. ???????????? 

[00:09:32]


>> he claims he managed x factor judge britney spears, now sam lufti is suing her parents. Lufti took the stand in his defamation lawsuit against jamie and lynn spears. He's suing over lynn's book where she portrayed him as a figure who exploited britney and used drugs to control her. Lufti claims he helped the star during her well publicizeed melt wn. 
>> One year later, tmz has gotten footage of a motorcycle accident that almost wiped out comedian jay leno. As see a bike with two riders on it sped up from behind and slammed into another motorcycle. Wow! Causing a massive wreck there. The accident took place during a charity event called love ride in los angeles. 
>> Now just in time for the holiday apple showing off its newest product. 
>>> It's right around the corner. It is theism pad mini got a 7.9-inch screen about half the size of a regular i-pad. It's $329 price point is meant to compete with smaller tablets from companies like google and amazon. 
>> The 7-inch tablets have been selling incredibly we. I think it caught apple by surprise they've been so successful. A lot of us thought the 7-inch tablet would be a tween ner product. 
>> Apple starts taking orders this friday october 26th and shipping a week later on NOVEMBER 2nd. 
>> You've been commenting about the new i-pad mini on facebook. Rick wrote, smallerrism pad opens up the educational market for them. They already developed tools to create interactive textbooks and I tune views. Brendan says smallerrism pads, bigger iphone? When are the two going to meet in size? 
>> All you germaphobe out there you may want to put down your smart phone because, well, it's dirty. Wash your hands. We've set it before. Your phone is a hot bed for bacteria now the wall street journal says it can actually make you sick. Tested eight phones and found high numbers of cole low forms a fancy word for fecal manner. Alcohol is the most effective cleaning product out there but apple and blackberry advise against using glut what does exercising have to do with your brain? Why working out can keep your mind sharp later on in life. ???????????? 

[00:11:44]


>> I'm joyce evans in malvern where playing more tennis is on a lot of peoples's bucket list but what if you're not, well -- 
>> serena williams has won once again. 
>> Reporter: Or you don't have time for that and your routine workout. 
>> I love to play tennis. 
>> How about combining them? 
>> Cardio tennis. You got it. It's just a great way to start my day. I get my exercise over and done with. 
>> Keep it all under control. 
>> Reporter: Want a rush? It's coming up next. here office. 
[ Man ] I GOT IT WHEN I UPLOADED A GIGABYTE Of photos. I literally wanted to say "did you see that?" 
[ Male Announcer ] WHEN PEOPLE SWITCH FROM CABLE TO VERIZON FiOS, There comes a moment when they get it. The difference 100% fiber optics makes. When I saw that picture, I really got it. I can enjoy the game better at home tn going to the stadium. I got it when our apartment became theapartment. 
[ Male Announcer ] ONCE YOU'VE GOT IT, YOU Get it. But don't take our word for it. Ask a friend or a neighbor and see why millions call the verizon center HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. FOR CUSTOMERS With disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. ???????????? 

[00:15:07]


>> "fox 29" in your health tonight. A cup of these could help fight type two diabetes. Researchers found diabetes sufferers who ate a cup of beans or lentils every day were able to control their blood sugar. They also found it to lower patient's blood pressure and cholesterol levels. By the way the findings appear in the archives of internal medicine. 
>> And "fox 29" your health tonight it turns out for older folks exercise is not only good for the body but also good for the brain. Researchers studied brain scans of people over the age of 70. Those who were physically active had less brain shrinkage over a three year period. Doing puzzles or read hemoglobin no impact. 
>> Tennis is a sport you can learn and play at his any age. Fewer people have time for tennis and a more vigorous cardio work out. 
>> Reporter: Joyce evans has a way you can combine both. 
>> While a lot of phoenix phenes feel the burn, pumping, crunch ing, grunting at the gym -- these guys are working up the same kind of sweat -- 
>> go grab your sponge balls four on either side. 
>> Reporter: Swinging a racket. 
>> Keep moving. Everybody up on your toes. 
>> Reporter: On a tennis court. 
>> A great way to start my day. I get my exercise over and done with. 
>> Don't hit the balls behind me. 
>> Reporter: Really? At the crack of dawn? 
>> It's hard in the morning. It's hard to get started. 
>> Serena williams has w once again. 
>> Reporter: Especially when you're not as dedicated or as skilled. What a shot. 
>> Reporter: As your pro tennis idol. 
>> You don't have that be great at it. You just have to keep moving. You're doing the vol lease. 
>> Reporter: Coordinated effort on a really crowded court with three different kinds of balls. 
>> This one you hit the with your racket isn't jarring to the body. 
>> Reporter: What kind of tennis match is this. 
>> Cardio tennis. 
>> Reporter: Cardio tennis. 
>> If you're doing it right you never really stop. 
>> Reporter: It's tennis on steroids. 
>> Come on back, finish it up. 

[00:17:08]


>> Reporter: Orlando has been playing tennis since she was 15 year old but not like this. 
>> You're in marlon. Split. Good. Nice volley. 
>> Reporter: All kinds of heart pumping drills. 
>> ???????????? 
>> every time you go through the ladder try and do something different. 
>> If I really thought about this, I wouldn't do it. 
>> Reporter: But he is. And he's been doing cardio tennis for seven years now. 
>> I like to do it. 
>> Ready, george, you're the net monste 
>> Reporter: George ryan is 87 years old. A retired navy man. 
>> You know what to do, right? 
>> Reporter: Undergone open heart surgery. 
>> He's awesome. 
>> One more, george. 
>> Reporter: He's got game. Check out his hit-and-run. 
>> Come in george. Right back in. Come on. 
>> Reporter: Drill sergeant i mean instructor elizabeth -- 
>> right back in. You got it. Come on, come on. 
>> Reporter: Pushes hard but she's keeping an eye out for when to ease up. 
>> I asked them as they run by are you okay? If they're having trouble breathing I'll have them walk instead of run. We do make adjustments in the class. Everybody grab a quick sip. Get your rackets. 
>> I'm tired. 
>> Reporter: George says he's gotten really good at tennis since he built several courts in the desert during the war. Playing on top of sand. He'll play a real doubles match this afternoon. 
>> The secret is to to be active and to keep doing something not only hemly but physically. 
>> They have a goal. They want to get fit. They want to be strong. I lost about 20 pounds. 
>> Reporter: And elizabeth austin is now stronger. In only a year. 
>> We run and sweat for an hour together, and it really bonds you together. Actually it's pretty much changed my life. 
>> Reporter: How much weight have you lost? 
>> I don't way myself but it's four sizes. 
>> Reporter: Four sizes? 
>> Yeah. 
>> Reporter: In less than a year at this. 
>> If you play every morning from 6:00 to 8:00, you're bound to lose something. If they hit it to me as they say I'll put it right back in their left ear. 
(Laughter). 
>> Reporter: And it's never too late to learn. 

[00:19:10]


>> Just try it. Get out there and try it. I am not an athlete. If I can do this, anybody can do it. 
>> Oh. Nice, guys. 
>> Reporter: We found a number of classes for beginners and advanced players at the great valley racket club, and you don't have to be a member there. Cardio tennis costs 15 to $20 per hour long class and those classes fill upckly. Joyce evans, "fox 29 news". 
>> I'm game. You game. 
>>> I'm game. 
>> Howard eskin is game as well. You got quite a work out running around with old friends tonight. 
>>> That's right. I can do tennis and I can do football. I caught up with former eagles dick vermeil and ron jaworski tonight and we'll hear their thoughts with what's wrong with the eagle. Will this guy be ready for the sixers hoping game? I'll have my updated info on andrew bynum all coming up in sports. ???????????? 
>> stocks robbed investors running for cover as some of the our biggest companies say their running into tough times. 3m the maker of products like scotch tape, post it notes not expecting to make as much money over the next year. The reason weakness in europe's economy. Dupont not doing so well either. The chemical firm slashing 1500 jobs lowering its outlook for the rest of the year as well. Meantime after the bell facebook opening its books. They report earnings in sales slightly ahead of expectations but facebook stock trading biff tee% below its original offering price back in the spring and serious changes over at sears xm executive mel stepping down as the ceo of the satellite radio concern. The move will take place early hello to my little friend apple is unveiling i-pad mini it's about half the size of a regular i-pad. Apple is getting new competition from smaller tablet devices by amazon and barnes & noble. The new minute niece will start at 329 bucks. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 

[00:22:12]


[ Male Announcer ] COMBINE THE PNC CASHBUILDER Visa credit card with a qualifying pnc performance select checking account and earn 75% more than cards earning 1% cash back on almost everything. ???????????? 
>> sunday could be a turning point for the eagles season playing the undefeated atlanta falcons here on "fox 29" at 1:00. Now, tonight I spoke with former eagles dick vermeil and ron jaworski. Michael vick was there in attendance and I asked jaworsk his advice for vick. 

[00:24:31]


>> Whenever there's any danger of losing the football, via a fumble or interception, don't take the risk. 
>> What do you think their problem is. 
>>> I think the problem is the injuries in the offensive line. Backup left tackle, you know, inside the back up center playing there. Young offensive lineman at right guard. When you play those kind of people against the one of best teams in like detroit for those two tackles it magnifies the problem. If you're the head coach of the eagles what do you do with this football team? 
>>> As much as I love the passing game, I believe balance in today's nfl really is the key particularly when you've got a good defense like the eagles have right now. I don't think they need to be a throw ball football team. 
>> Wait a minute, wait a minute. They have goodie 10 yet they fired the dee finance seive coordinator. How did that happen? 
>>> I think from a personnel standpoint this defense is playing well. When I played for dick vermeil he set a very good way to value a defense so look at the quarterback rating against that defense. As of this morning, the eagles rating was the third best defensely or the third worst if you're a quarterback playing against that defense. So statistically that defense has been very good against quarterbacks. 
>> Firing a coach does what for a team? They fired the case and the defense is pretty good. What does that do for this team? It shows the coach is very serious, the boss, the boss is serious and they might think, you know, I'm next. 
>> Really? What about -- but you can't do it with the players, right. 
>>> You can set them down. 
>> They win on sunday? 
>>> I think they'll beat atlanta you know, atlanta is the only undefeated team in football right now and it's tough to keep that position. Sooner or later, someone is going to knock them off. It could be the eagles. 
>> And we agree. 76ers open the regular season a week from tomorrow on halloween night and tomorrow they promised us an injury update on the knee problems of center andrew bynum. Now, here is the latest that I've been told. It's unlikely that andrew bynum will be ready for the opener on OCTOBER 31st. Be aware that bynum has not yet practiced with his new teammates now, we all hope he plays soon, but he will try it tomorrow at practice. And we'll see what happens. And our sunday lineup "fox 29" "game day live" at 11:00. Followed by nfl sunday fox sunday then -- say that quickly. Eagles falcons at one colorado. 4:25 giants and dallas and world series game on sunday night. 

[00:27:02]


>> All you got to say the best lineup in television right there 
>>> for sunday, for sports 

﻿Title: Anderson Cooper 360
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

10:00 on the east coast. With just two weeks to go until the presidential race is now laser focused on a handful of battleground states and undecided voters. It's too early to tell whether last night's debate moved the needle for either campaign but we do know both men kept the fact checkers busy all night and through today,ven tonight. For governor romney's part he surprised a lot of the estimated 59 million people who watched the debate by spending a lot of the night agreeing with president obama. 
>> With regards to iraq, you and I agreed, I believe, that there should have been a status of forces agreement and I concurred in that and said we should have some number of troops. That was something I concurred with. 
>> I believe as the president indicated, and said at the time, that I supported his action there. 
>> I want to underscore the same point the president made. 
>> I couldn't agree more about going forward but I certainly don't want to go back to the policies of the last four years. 
>> Well, there was one of those agreements, in particular, about withdrawing u.S. Troops from afghanistan that got our attention. Watch. 
>> Well, we're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Keeping them honest, when governor romney was entering the presidential race in june of 2011, he was saying just the opposite. In fact, slamming president obama's timetable for leaving afghanistan. Listen. 
>> Announcing a withdrawal date, that was wrong. The taliban may not haveatches but they do have calendars. 
>> President obama called romney out last night on this point, accusing him of shifting his foreign policy positions. Romney didn't disagree with the president and that and of itself might be the most interesting part of all. As for president obama, most post-debate polls including cnn showed he had a good night. The question is, will it give his campaign new momentum and we can't say one way or the other for sure. Which made what the obama campaign did this morning all the more curious. At about 10:00 a.M., They unveiled this 20-page glossy pamphlet that describes his plan to move the economy forward. It's got a fancy title, the new economic patriotism, a plan for jobs and middle class security. Campaign says 3.5 million copies are being printed. Keeping them honest, there are actually no new proposals in the pamphlet. It's basically a repackaging of the proposals president obama previously announced on subjects from energy to education. The campaign was clearly responding to criticism that the president hasn't laid out a clearer second term agenda. By putting out this pamphlet with no new ideas or information he's opened himself up to attacks by republicans who say it's just more of the same. Joining me to break it all out is national political correspondent jim acosta, who is traveling with the romney campaign in henderson, nevada. Chief white house correspondent jessica llin with the president and vice predent in dayton, ohio and john king, in the key battleground state of virginia tonight. Jessica, by most accounts, most of the polls, the president came away from last night's debate the winner but it's not clear what kind of boost it will give him out on the campaign trail. How is the campaign feeling about the performance last night and about things today? 

[00:02:53]


>> Well, if you want the campaign talking points, what they're saying is last night was about strength and the president showed it. But the bottom line was the president did not disqualify mitt romney in last night's debate. He didn't knock him out of the commander in chief ranks and so there was no game changing moment. I hate that phrase but that's really what that was about. So the race continues today, sort of where it was before the debate, and they're grinding it out. The president begiing on a major battleground state tour, where he's really pummelling his message, which is a two-fold message. One, to turn out his base and get as many votes as he can possibly, because he needs that enthusiasm to be as high as possible, and two, to really drum up early voting turnout because the early vote is the vote the campaign thinks that they have more control over. So the campaign doing what it can to really grind this out, very different kind of campaign than four years ago. 
>> As we talked about, jessica, the president released this brochure laying out proposals for the second term. Little new in it. Is the campaign trying to kind of sell it as something new? 
>> Right. My vanna white moment. No, here it is. They are not trying to sell it as something new. What this is really about is offering something to undecided voters who are kind of tuning into the campaign for the first time, focusing right now and who might be paying attention to newscasts like ours and hearing pundits say the president isn't offering any details or any specifics. Well, you know, you write it down and it becomes specific, they can point to the fact that here he's saying that he's offering to create a million new jobs by 2016. A new -- 100,000 new math and science teachers, cut foreign oil imports in half by 2020. Now, these are things he talked about at the democratic convention but he's committing to them in paper here. 

[00:04:56]


>> Jim, in talking with their team today, what if anything are they saying about kind of the agreeable tone the governor emed to strike last night, agreeing with the president on a lot of stuff? 
>> Well, anderson, they painted that as sort of a sign of bipartisanship coming from the former massachusetts governor, that it is kind of a good thing for an opponent to agree with an incumbent president from time to time and they don't think that's such a bad thing. They sort look at last night'bate, if you'll pardon the McDonald's reference here, AS a McBlt. While the president was hot on one side, he was staying cool, mitt romney was, for his part, not going after the president in response to all of his attacks last night. But more importantly, the campaign believes that mitt romney passed the commander in chief test. As one of the best outcomes in their minds. After all three of these debates. In terms of the strategy looking forward, I have to tell you we heard a little bit of that earlier this afternoon when we heard mitt romney sort of claiming the momentum coming out of these debates. That might not be exactly the case. The president also had a good night as jessica mentioned. But they're going to claim it anyway. As for that glossy handbook from the president, the romney campaign is calling that a glossy panic button. 
>> John, you're in northern virginia, an area critical to the president's win in that state back in 2008. It appears virginia might be even closer this time, possibly even leaning toward governor romney. Is it all going to be about voter turnout there? 
>> Yes. Here and in most of the other battleground states. This state now, both campaigns acknowledge roughly a dead heat plus or minus a point or two either way. More momentum for governor romney in the sense if you go back to before the first debate, this is true in all nine of the tossup battleground states, romney is in a stronger position today than he was before the first debate. Has that momentum flat-lined out a little bit? The obama campaign says yes. The romney campaign says there's still a little bit of a tilt in romney's favor. That's what the next 14 days will be about. But turning out the vote is critical for both campaigns. If you stop by any of the offices here, you see people on the phones, as jessica noted, the obama campaign trying to put an emphasis on early voting. If you go state by state, including here, republicans say democrats are getting more early votes in most states, but the republicans are doing a lot better than they did in 2008. That's a key barometer for them but in the end here, we'll watch where they spend their tv money, where the planes come down on the ground. The intensity is geared toward finding voters. If you can get them out early, especially if they're less reliable voters like young voters, african americans, inner city urban voters, the obama campaign trying to get them out early. But geotv is the name of the game for the next 13 plus days. 

[00:07:21]


>> A lot of republicans are trying to paint some of president obama's comments last night as anti-navy, saying he insulted the navy by talking about bayonets. Factually, I don't know how that leap of logic occurs. I will talk to the governor of virginia about it shortly as well as the secretary of the navy. Are you hearing that on the ground about how that's playing? Obviously a lot going on in virginia with naval production. 
>> There's no question the romney campaign thinks it gives them a bit of an edge here. Romney will be back here in a couple days and one of his stops is in the southern part of the state, the norfolk area where you have heavy military presence, big navy ports there. I talked to jerry conley, democratic congressman in this area, northern virginia, and he said come on, virginians are smart enough to know, high-tech industry here, modernization, higher technology, better technology, smaller, leaner and meaner is fine, but other privately, some other democrats say boy, the president might have had a snarky line there but it could hurt him a little bit in virginia. With things so close, just a little bit sometimes matters. 
>> Jessica, last night we saw the president kind of using a tone that you say you have seen popping up in the campaign trail, sarcasm, then kind of a softer, more neutral tone. Who is he using that to appeal to at this point? 
>> Right. He's vacillating between this snark as john called it or sarcasm and then what you call the neutrality. It's because he's going for this two-pronged energizing the base and appealing to the undecided voters. So that sarcasm, that snark, when he talks about romnesia, he's doubling down on that story line, at is to energize the base, I think, really get out those voters who are part of the democratic machine, can be driven by the anti-romney sentiment, and so that's one message. Then he has to switch gears and try to sell the pamphlet and be sort of more neutral to get out those undecided voters who are still wavering and don't like that snark. So it's a fine line he has to walk and really, what he's doing is flipping from one tone to another all day long. And even within the same speech. 

[00:09:24]


>> Jim, the president is certainly holding a lead in ohio but governor romney obviously needs that state in his column as well. 
>> He absolutely does, anderson. As john was talking about earlier, you know, this whole notion of getting out the vote, it is critical for this campaign. Mitt romney and paul ryan are in colorado right now and en route to that state, we heard kevin madden with the romney campaign talking about swing counties, arapahoe and jefferson county. You can be sure they're doing the same thing in ohio, looking at swing counties across the state of ohio, ones they can flip to mitt romney's column. But there's something else going on with the state of ohio. And that is this op-ed that mitt romney wrote about letting detroit go bankrupt in the "new york times." That has come back to haunt him big-time in that state because it's so heavily dependent on the auto industry, the romney campaign is now in the process of trying to explain to voters that mitt romney, this is what they're saying, would have supported some kind of government assistance to the car companies coming out of the bankruptcy process. Now, that is not the story that we have heard throughout the course of this campaign. Rick santorum went after mitt romney for opposing the car bailout back during the primaries but mitt romney was able to close the gap with the senator and win in ohio in the primary process. The question is whether or not he can do that again. It is going to be a very tough sales pitch to make. 
>> Jim acosta, appreciate it. Jessica yellin, john king, thank you. 
>>> A lot more in politics ahead. Let me know what you think about where the race is now. Follow me on twitter. I'm tweeting tonight. 
>>> Up next, more on the catch phrases from last night's debate that got a lot of people talking. 
>> Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. 
>> President obama firing back at mitt romney, who says there's not enough u.S. Navy ships. Governor of virginia, a republican, is siding with mitt romney in a big way, saying that president obama was actually insulting navy personnel with his statement. Obviously virginia, his state is home to the largest naval station in the world. We check the number of u.S. Navy ships and what we discovered may actually surprise you when we continue. me to take a centrum silver multivitamin every day. I told him, sure. Can't hurt, right? Then I heard this news about a multivitamin study looking at long-term health benefits for men over 50. The one they used in that study... Centrum silver. That's what I take. My doctor! He knows his stuff. 

[00:11:51]


[ Male Announcer ] CENTRUM SILVER. The most recommended. Most preferred. Most studied. Centrum, always your most complete. Ring. Progresso. I need your help... I just served my mother-in-law your Chicken Noodle soup but she loved it so much... I er it was homemade. Well...everyone tells a little white lie now and then. But now she wants my recipe Well...I'm not at liberty to give that out, but we do use tender chunks of white meat chicken in an herb & spice broth. Come on that's it? I need the recipe. You gotta help me out! [ clears his throat 
[ softly ] She's right behind me isn't she? Like a ninja! 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. ] aflac to provide a better benefits package... Oahhh! 
[ Male Announcer ] IT MADE A BIG SPLASH WITH The employees. 
[ Duck yelling ] 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. ?????? ?????? ha ha! Energy is being produced to power our lives. While energy development comes with some risk, north america's natural gas producers are committed to safely and responsibly providing generations of cleaner-burning energy for our country, drilling thousands of feet below fresh water sources within self-contained well systems. And, using state-of-the-art monitoring technologies, rigorous practices help ensure our operations are safe and clean for our communities and the environment. We're america's natural gas. 

[00:14:23]


>>> First it was big bird, then binders full of women. Now the debate catch phrase creating the biggest buzz today, horses and bayonets that came from president obama last night after governor romney raised his concerns about the u.S. Navy. Watch. 
>> I think governor romneybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example. And that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. 
>> Republicans are firing back today, especially governor bob McDONELL OF VIRGINIA. His state obviously is a key battleground in the race for the white house. Also home to the world's largest naval station in norfolk and a massive shipbuilding operation in hampton roads. governor McDonnell released a statement through the romney campaign saying quote, unfortunately, president obama's dismissive comments about the navy tonight should be concerning for any voter who cares about the safety and security of americans at home and abroad. President obama has not only ignored these concer but his flippant comment about horses and bayonets was an insult to every sailor who has put his or her life on the line for our country. VIRGINIA GOVERNOR bob McDonnell joins me now. Governor, thanks very much for being with us. You say the president's comments on horses and bayonets was quote, an insult to every sailor who put his or her life on the line for our country. That's been a talking point i heard from romney surrogates today but how exactly was president obama insulting members of our navy by pointing out that military weaponand technology have changed and changed for the bett 
>> anderson, that's not the way we heard it in virginia. This is the home of the united states navy, the great norfolk naval base, home of the pentagon. What I heard him say is that shipbuilding and the use of ships is sort of going the way of horses and bayonets is the way we understood it. That's just flat not the case. We're down to 287 ships or so, anderson, right now. The quadrennial defense review says we need 346 ships. So we're already way under the numb of ships and the president didn't seem to indicate that was very important. So from a readiness standpoint and I think equally important for virginia, especially hampton roads, virginia and swing states like florida, new hampshire and virginia, to lose what's estimated to be 200,000 jobs in hampton roads and around the state because of these defense cuts, $1 trillion over the next ten years, with sequestration, that's how that comment's being received in virginia, and obviously we're not very happy about it. 

[00:17:03]


>> Just factually speaking, governor romney's comments that the navy is at its lowest point since 1916 is false. You're aware under president bush the navy was actually smaller and surface warships under president obama have gone up 10%. 
>> The broader point is I don't know how many times we dip below 1916 but there is a broader point, anderson, and that is if the defense department says in their quadrennial review which is the bible that we need 346 ships and today we have only got 287, and the president at least infers that whether it's technology or anything else, that we still don't need any more, that's factually incorrect. 
>> We're actually building more ships. 
>> Protecting american strength around the world, we do need more ships and that's the point. 
>> We are actually building more ships and again, just factually, under president bush, in 2007 there were 278 ships. Right now there's 285 ships. And we already are projected to build I think, get over 300 in the next seven years. So just factually just not correct. 
>> Well, here's the most important fact that came out last night, is that we have the sequestration defense cuts that the president said was not his idea. Bob woodward discredited that. It did come from the white house. And that ten -- I mean $1 trillion in defense cuts, anderson, over ten years, leon panetta, his own secretary of defense, says is devastating. Mitt romney made that point last night. So we need a cut in defense, we need a cut in all areas, but in a time of war, to have half of the cuts fall on the defense part -- department is crippling to the u.S. Navy and it's really bad for virginia as well as for florida and new hampshire. So I think there's a lot of concern about the president's approach which frankly seems a little callous towards the need to have a strong military project defense power around the world. 
>> Didn't paul ryan vote for those cuts, though? 
>> Well, listen, a lot of people did because you know what the alternative was? Default of the greatest nation on earth and not paying our obligations and at the eve of default, people said that's a better alternative but anderson, it was supposed to be a hammer, not a policy. And sequestration -- the super committee was supposed to fix the problem, as you remember. They failed and my point is, the president should have led and listened to secretary panetta and said we can't have $1 trillion in cuts over ten years at a time of war. He didn't do it. So I do blame him for not leading, and the biggest issue besides jobs really is the readiness of the military and this isn't going to do it. 

[00:19:34]


>> I guess I just didn't hear a lot of republicans complaining about the size of the navy under president bush, when it was actually lower than it is now. And actually, lower than it was in 1916, to the point of governor romney. 
>> Well, I don't think we had sequestration piled on top of that which was $1 trillion on top of that. So while there may be some ships that are in the pipeline now, anderson, ere's no way to be able to get to the needs that the department of defense said another 62 ships to be able to meet the missions of the united states. It's an increasingly dangerous world. We're recovering from the arab spring with uncertainty in the mideast. We've got -- we're closer to a nuclear iran. I think we've got strained relations with israel. There's a lot of things right now I think that are of great concern and I agree with you, listen, president obama didn't inherit some of the problems that he's got -- inherited some of the problems he's got. He didn't create them. But he's made it worse, whether it's job creation, whether it's the debt or whether it's the strain on the u.S. Military. I haven't seen progress in the last four years and that's why i think we'll have a new president. 
>> GOVERNOR bob McDonnell, appreciate your perspective. Thank you for being on. 
>> Thanks, anderson. 
>>> Let's dig deeper. Joining me is the national security advisor for the obama campaign and former secretary of the u.S. Navy in the clinton administration. Also with me, fareed zakaria. Mr. Secretary, you just heard governor McDonnell. What's your response to what he said? Do you believe that people are rightly interpreting this as president obama insulting the folks who are serving the navy? 
>> I don't believe people are interpreting it that way, and they wouldn't be right if they did. I think it's an extraordinary stretch. First you have the stretch of the analogy itself which says that our navy now can be compared and is in some ways supposed to be weaker than the navy of 1916. That's just crazy. Nobody believes that. It's second, not factually accurate as you point out. The smallest navy we've had before this came under the bush administration and the obama administration has grown that navy. Third, if you accepted all those things, you ought to recognize as well that while the bush administration has been committed to reduction in many of those people who were advisors to president bush also were advisors to governor romney, those same people are now complaining about a navy in which president obama increased the number of ships and has plans for bringing those ships above 300 and has budgeted for that. It's not a plausibly defensible position so to distract from it, then the proponents of t position go on and say what about sequestration. In the future, things will get worse. But in fact, in the future, the president has said he's not in favor of sequestration. He will oppose it. He was very clear about that in the context of the debates, and we have congressman ryan as you pointed out voting for it. In fact, a majority of republicans in the house voting for it. So I think the effort is one which undercuts the reality. The reality is we have the strongest navy in the world by far. It's bigger than the next 13 navies put together and 11 of those are allies of ours and we're spending in an intelligent way to make that navy yet stronger, and that's basically unassailable position, assailed only by throwing up a lot of smoke, dust and distraction. 

[00:23:09]


>> Fareed, what do you think about this? Would increasing the number of ships dramatically change our ability to fight al qaeda against iran? 
>> You know, the whole thing is absurd, frankly. This is meant to try to find, you know, kind of good points on either side. The romney campaign is simply using this for political reasons. The fundamental point that obama was making is actually one that secretary of defense donald rumsfeld kept making to the generals when he came to office, which is that technological advances over the last 20 or 30 years mean you have to think about things differently and the point obama was making at the debate was, you know, one ship is different from another ship. In other words, the question is not how many ships you have, but what kind of ships. 
>> Back in 1916 we had torpedo boats, monitors and other smaller vessels. 
>> Would you rather build five frigates or one more aircraft carrier. An aircraft carrier has amazing power projection capacity. We have 11. The rest of the world, china is getting its first one which is a secondhand ukrainian nonfunctional aircraft carrier that they are retro fitting. If you think about the telogical capacity of a ship, really honestly it doesn't really matter how many you have. The fundamental point is the one richard danzig made. We have a navy that is larger and more effective than the next 13 put together. This is an extraordinary -- we are in a situation where 15 years ago, we were spending about 30% of global defense expenditure. We now spend half of global defense expenditure. There is simply no conceivable way you can make the case that we have a military that is not adequate to the security needs out there. 
>> Also, the power of ships today is exponentially greater than even 20 years ago. 
>> Exponentially greater and you have to ask yourself, would you rather have one ship that you can launch cruise missiles off, incredibly valuable, or would you rather have three small destroyers. It's easy. It's not -- it's not a question of how many you have. 
>> The flipside of that argument is if one is taken out during a combat operation, then having others would be advantageous. 
>> You need a critical mass presence for two reasons. One, for that and the second is you've goto be in many places at the same time. But remember, we're talking about about 300 ships. Again, as richard was saying, more than the next 13 navies put together. 

[00:25:21]


>> The flipside is if you put out a large number of ships, you need to maintain them, you need to protect them. If you have people at risk in numerous ships in numerous places, that complicates in some ways your strategic problem. You want strong ships that are capable and that's what we have. 
>> Fareed, thank you. Secretary, thank you very much. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> More on the election tonight. Body language also speaking volumes in last night's debate. It isn't just the candidates' words that may sway voters' opinions. We will go beyond the zingers and break it down ahead on "360."ME, THIS IS NEW Bayer Migraine. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE POWER OF Aspirin Plus more in a triple action formula to relieve your tough miges. NEW Bayer Migraine Formula. inherits challenges. Few have faced so many. Four years later... Our enemies have been brought to justice. Our heroes are coming home. Assembly lines are humming again. There are still challenges to meet. Children to educate. A middle class to rebuild. But the last thing we should do is turn back now. 
PRESIDENT OBAMA: I'm Barack Obama and... I approve this message. monaco, home of te legendary grand prix circuit. The perfect place to bring the all-new cadillac ats to test the 2.0-liter turbo engine. 
[ engine revs ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Derek ] 272 HORSEPOWER. THE LIGHTEST IN Its class. The cadillac ats outmatches the bmw 3 series. I cannot believe I have ended the day not scraping some red paint off on these barriers. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ALL-NEW CADILLAC ATS. to future. Since ameriprise financial was founded back in 1894, they've been committed to putting clients first. Helping generations through tough times. Good times. Never taking a bailout. There when you need them. Helping millions of americans wver the centuries. The strength of a global financial leader. The heart of a one-to-one relationship. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? worldwide to a world of super-connected intelligence. The potential of Freescale unlocked. NYSE Euronext. Unlocking the world's potential. for time... to investing with knowledge. The potential of TD Ameritrade unlocked. NYSE Euronext. Unlocking the world's potential. 

[00:28:08]


>>> Uncommitted voters up for grabs and under scrutiny. One is also under attack by conservatives for the question she asked at that town hall debate, what she thinks of the campaign now against her. 
>>> This year's debates are proving to be some of the most closely watched moments of the presidential race. Both president obama and governor romney are learning tough lessons on how quickly the wrong words can change the momentum of the entire race. Last night, voters also kept an eye of course on how the candidates looked, how they said what they said. Gary tuchman talked to body language expert jeanine driver, author of the book "you can't lie to me." Here's her take on some of the most heated moments. 

[00:30:36]


>> Reporter: This is barack obama's and mitt romney's greeting. What does this tell you? 
>> We're looking for the pats here. When you shake hands and get that extra pat in, it's a pat of power. It says good boy, good boy. We saw four with the president, I think three or four with mitt romney right there. 
>> Reporter: During the debate, one thing we kept noticing the entire hour and a half was mitt romney kept a perpetual smile on his face while barack obama was talking. When mitt romney was talking, obama generally looked serious. What does that tell you? 
>> We saw the same exact behavior in the first debate. I have to say it's unbecoming. It doesn't really work. I'll tell you why. When we're talking about what's going on in the middle east or talking about threats to the united states of america, that's when the smile should disappear. When that smirk stays there, it could potentially lose those undecided voters, hey, is this guy going to take this serious. 
>> Reporter: Isn't he trying to be polite to his opponent by having this pleasant look on his face? 
>> The president, I'm an undecided voter, I have to say, so this is important for me, the president, his smiles will come and go and he will get serious. When you have a permanent smile on like we see right here, it comes across as fake and contrite and it will hurt your message. 
>> Reporter: A very important part of your research is what you call baseline, what a person usually does. When barack obama was talking about libya, you say he did something different than his baseline. Let's look at it for a second. 
>> Keep the american people safe and that's what we've done over the last for years. 
>> Reporter: You're saying he's tilting his head. What does that mean? 
>> He's tilting his head. Look at the difference in white space over here versus over here. We have all this white space. His head is tilted at this diagonal. This is really important for us. Why? When you give an important message, your head should be on straight. It should be literally in the middle of your shoulders. She or he has a good head on her shoulders. 
>> Reporter: While both men were talking about russia, you notice something about mitt romney's face. Tell me. 
>> Look at right there. His nose and mouth. His nose just wrinkled. There it is. The nose and the lip wrinkled together. This is what's called a microexpression of disgust. It happens in a 15th of a second. We have seven emotions that show up on our face, universal emotions. Happiness, sadness, fear, surprise, anger, contempt and disgust. When it comes to body language or reading people, the only scientific belief and proven gestures are these seven universal emotions. Doesn't matter if you're a man, a woman, you're 77, 7, doesn't matter if you're born in russia or chicago. They will show up exactly on our face the same exact way. That is disgust. What we don't know is what does it mean. Where is the catalyst. 

[00:32:59]


>> Reporter: I'm learning brand new things today. While barack obama was talking about egypt, mitt romney did something you think was notable. Let's watch. 
>> We are going to make sure we finish the job. That's part of the reason why the libyans stand with us. But we did so -- 
>> Reporter: His tongue came out. Why is that at all unusual? 
>> His tongue came out. Here's the deal. It could be part of a baseline if you're a baseball player and you're up there, you have chew mouth. He doesn't have chew in his mouth. It's an indicator of an increase in stress and anxiety. They are called tongue protrusions. It's almost like a newborn baby. You feed them some creamed spinach, they don't like it, they push it out. Same thing, as adults when we don't like what we're hearing or what's happening and transpiring in front of us, we will do a tongue protrusion. Think of kids. What do they do? Nah nah nah nah nah. 
>> Reporter: When mitt romney was talking about egypt, you feel that barack obama did something notable with his face. 
>> He does. The president literally lifts his chin back up which is his baseline move. Throughout most of the debate his head is tilted. When he begins listening, what's happening is mitt romney says i agreed with the president. Boom, look at that chin, up it comes. This is the president's baseline. In this moment, he's not a man running for president. He is the president. 
>> Reporter: We have learned to watch the hellos and good-byes very closely when it comes to body language in debates. Something very interesting happened at the end of this debate when it was all over, when they got up. Barack obama made a hand motion. Tell me about that. 
>> Right here. Right here. There it is. That hand gesture, he's telling mitt romney I'll meet you up front. 
>> Reporter: He pointed to up front. 
>> Literally points to mitt romney and says I'll meet you up front. What this means is in sales, when I teach to sales people, this is called leading. The president is saying I'm currently still the power position here. I'm the one calling the shots. I'll meet you up front. 
>> Reporter: You told me something earlier that I did not notice last night. When barack obama and chelle obama were talking to mitt romney's family, tagg romney, mitt romney's son, who had made a comment I want to smack barack obama, puts his arm behind barack obama's back. 
>> He does it camera side so we see it and now watch what's going to happen. This is like owning the president right here. The president is going to maneuver. He's in a difficult position but he's going to get a couple smacks back. Bam. There it is. He's like listen, I'm still the president, simmer down. Look what happens here, though. Look it. Tagg right here, now fixes his pants and gets in this broadside display. 

[00:35:13]


>> Reporter: Maybe his belt's not tight enough. 
>> But it's interesting timing. This is a sense of pride. This is a body language gesture with pride, like a cowboy. It's like he said dad, I got a smack in. 
>> Reporter: Those are the last things we remember from the debate. 
>> That's what we saw. 
>> Up next, her question triggered one of the most heated exchanges of the town hall debate and led to romney's comments about binders full of women. Katherine fenton found herself in the middle of a firestorm for asking the question. She talks about the fallout, ahead.Th is, nyquil doesn't unstuff your nose. What? 
[ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus Liquid Gels Speeds relief to your worst cold symptoms plus has a decongestant for your stuffy nose. Thanks. That's the cold truth! lisa, quit. I honestly loved smoking, d I honestly didn't think I would ever quit. 
[ Male Announcer ] ALONG WITH SUPPORT, Chantix is proven to help people quit smoking. It reduces the urge to smoke. It put me at ease that you could smoke on the first week. 
[ Male Announcer ] SOME PEOPLE HAD CHANGES In behavior, thinking or mood, hostility, agitation, depressed mood and suicidal thoughts or actions while taking or after stopping chantix. If you notice any of these stop taking chantix and call your doctor right away. Tell your doctor about any history of depression or other mental health problems, which could get worse while taking chantix. Don't take chantix if you've had a serious allergic or skin reaction to it. If you develop these stop taking chantix and see your doctor right away as some can be life-threatening. If you have a history of heart or blood vessel problems, tell your doctor if you have new or worse symptoms. Get medical help right away if you have symptoms of a heart attack. Use caution when driving or operating machinery. Common side effects include nausea, trouble sleeping and unusual dreams. With chantix and with the support system it worked. It worked for me. 

[00:37:33]


[ Male Announcer ] ASK YOUR DOCTOR IF CHANTIX Is right for you. 
>>> The number of meningitis cases tops 300 and the fda expands its warning about the latest deadly outbreak. What you need to know, ahead.?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????? 

[00:39:55]


>>> it isn't just the candidates and moderators taking heat for their debate performance. So is katherine fenton. You may not remember her name but she's the undecided voter whasked a question that results in one of the most memorable exchanges in the second, the town hall style debate. 
>> In what new ways do you intend to rectify the inequalities in the workplace? Specifically regarding females making only 72% of what their male counterparts earn? 
>> That led to governor romney's binders full of women comment. Since the debate, fenton has become a target of anger coming from the right. Randi kaye spoke to her about that fallout and what she thought of last night's debate. 
>> Reporter: This 24-year-old undecided voter never imagined that a simple nonpartisan question would make her a target of vicious attacks by conservatives. Yet by the time the candidates finished answering her question, the twitterverse and the blogosphere knew the name katherine fenton. Could you see the political divide in the comments on your question? 
>> Easily. 
>> Reporter: Conservative author matthew vadam took to twitter immediately with this. Katherine fenton, questioner, brings up the feminazi leftist lie that women don't get paid equally. And conservative commentator michele malkin tweeted softball, hash tag, lady parts tool, katherine fenton asks obama how he will rectify gender pay disparities. How did it feel to be called by a woman a lady parts tool? 
>> She should be ashamed of herself. That's awful. You know, we're one and the same. I'm standing up there trying to make a point that ultimately is working in her favor, and for her to say things like that i think is really irresponsible and you know, again, hurtful. 
>> Reporter: Conservatives have long downplayed the gender pay gap. Some have suggested men work more hours in higher paying jobs. Katherine, who still hasn't decided who to vote for, doesn't buy that. 
>> If it were a man asking, it would be because oh, I have the best interests of women in mind and I love my daughter and i love my wife, but because i asked it, suddenly I'm, you know, this monster that has all these crazy ideas in her head. 

[00:42:06]


>> Reporter: By the morning after the debate, conservatives were all riled up. A smear campaign was in full swing. And all things katherine fenton were fair game. And not just on twitter. The conservative publication "free beacon" printed this article. Written anonymously, the article suggested katherine's twitter account revealed she liked to get wet at happy hour and that purple juice was her choice to get blackout drunk. 
>> A lot of what they found was taken out of context. That's why I felt no need to even defend it or address it, because they're inside jokes. I'm 24, yes, I drink. That's legal. Yes, I have had boyfriends. All of that seems pretty normal to me. 
>> Reporter: Any regret in asking that question? 
>> Zero. I would do it again if I had the chance. 
>> Reporter: What angers her most, though, is that those attacking her don't know anything about her. She's a teacher. Her parents are ultra-conservative, she says, and she's a registered independent who voted for REPUBLICAN john McCain in 2008. This year, she's having a hard time choosing a candidate, because she wants more specifics. She likes obama care because it's allowed her to stay on her parents' health insurance, but she also likes romney's business sense. At 24, she's focused more on social issues than tax cuts and foreign policy. 
>> I want to know where you would like to see the country go but I also want to know how you intend to get there. 
>> Reporter: Unfortunately, debate number three didn't get katherine fenton the answers she needs, leaving her wondering still who to vote for. Randi kaye, cnn, new york. 
>>> Both campaigns are fighting hard to win over uncommitted voters like katherine fenton. With just two weeks to go before election day, what will it take to win them over? Back with us, chief national correspondent john king. Let's also bring in chief political analyst, gloria borger. Aside from the ordeal this woman went through after asking that question, what does it tell you this young woman is still uncommitted? 

[00:44:09]


>> Well, we women are gatherers, we like to get all the information we can before we make a decision. Historically, women are late deciders. I was talking to some republican pollsters today about these undecided voters and he said he prefers to call them fluctuators because he believes they originally liked one candidate, then went to another and may be heading back towards another candidate. I think that's what you saw with her. She voted republican in 2008 and she's looking at the social issues, which by the way, a lot of women also vote on. Social issues. So it's clear to me that that's kind of important to her. 
>> John, there is a point of semantics. There is a difference between undecided and uncommitted. It isn't just semantics, right? 
>> A lot of people who are independents are actually soft republicans or soft democrats who don't want to be affiliated with the party. We havto be careful in the language we use here. There are some people who are truly undecided, who say on this day I don't know who I'm going to vote for. There are other people that if you press them, if the election were today, what would you do, and they do know but are still persuadable. I had a lunchtime conversation today with a gentleman here in northern virginia, voted for obama last time, agrees with the president that the wealthy should pay more as part of deficit reduction package but says you know, where are the jobs and the guy's disappointed me in so many ways. Truly undecided voter. They are hard to find, though. Most people by now have made up their mind. 
>> Are they grouped in one part of the country? Do we see them in some places more than others? 
>> I don't think so. I think you find them, if you look at the polling, there's a larger percentage in some states, larger than others. What's interesting to me is what the campaigns are doing to try to get them. You see this mix of old and new. Obviously the advertisers are aimed at people but people say they are turned off by that. The campaigns are using direct mail but they know everything about you now. The campaigns have bought every piece of data about every voter out there. You are getting a more specific, customized direct mail p. If you are an evangelical, they have an evangelical call you. If you are a suburban woman, they try to have someone like you call you so it's not just somebody on the other end of the phone. That's part of the effort to get more personal, try to win them over at the end. 

[00:46:22]


>> Is that microtargeting? 
>> You could call it microtargeting. You could call it smart targeting. You could call it up close and personal the old-fashioned way with somebody from your neighborhood, from your workplace, from your church or from your community, that's quite old-fashioned. But they use the highest technology and the newest technology to almost know exactly what you're thinking, what are your questions when they call to ask for your vote. 
>> Gloria, it does seem we heard maybe a closing argument from president obama today. He said quote, there is no more serious issue than trust. How potent an argument with undecided, uncommitted voters is that? 
>> You know, it's a potent argument with all voters. As the point in the campaign where you go negative, you saw all the negative ads over the summer, and now what you're seeing is in both campaigns, trying to say okay, this is the deal closer, and it's all about character. Think you saw that in the debate last night. It's all about who do you trust. Our friend alex castellanos always likes to say to me it's about giving your keys to the car to somebody. Who do you trust to drive you. So it's very important, it will be important to that voter, you highlighted just before but it's important to all voters. Let me say one thing about swing rs that's so interesting, these undecided voters. I was reading an analysis today which said that in six key swing states, we may be talking about fewer than a million undecided voters and those are the people these candidates are trying to appeal to right now. 
>> It's getting down to the wire. 14 days. John king, gloria borger, thanks. 
>>> Still ahead, new information about congressman jesse jackson jr.'S health. Why he's back to the hospital where he got treatment next. That's the power of human resources. The Society... for Human Resource Management and its members know... how to harness that power, because we help develop it. From the next economy, to the next generation, we help get... the most out of business, by getting the best out of people. SHRM. Leading people, leading organizations. time, and the candidate's speech is in pieces all over the district. The writer's desktop and the coordinator's phone are working on a joke with local color. The secure cloud just received a revised intro from the strategist's tablet. And while I make my way into the venue, the candidate will be rehearsing off of his phone. 

[00:49:58]


[ Candidate ] AND THANKS TO EVERY YOUNG FACE I see out there. 
[ Woman ] HIS PHONE IS ONE OF HIS BIGGEST Supporters. 
[ Female Announcer ] WITH CISCO AT THE CENTER... Working together has never worked so well. expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. is work. And his new boss told him two things -- cook what you love, and save your money. Joe doesn't know it yet, but he'll work his way up from busser to waiter to chef before opening a restaurant specializing in fish and game from the great northwest. He'll start investing early, he'll find some good people to help guide him, and he'll set money aside from his first day of work to his last, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. 
>>> Hi, I'm susan hend driks. More from anderson in a moment. 
>> A federal criminal investigation has been launched into the practices at a new england compounding center. That is the facility linked to the deadly meningitis outbreak. The outbreak may not be limited to steroid injections. Black flecks were fouster vials returned to the center. 

[00:52:06]


>>> Illinois congressman jesse jackson jr. Returned to mayo clinic today for a followup evaluation. Jackson is being treated for depression and bipolar disorder. He has been on leave of absence from congress since june. 
>>> Also today, jerry sandusky has been transferred to a pennsylvania state prison. He will be evaluated to determine where he will serve his 30-year sentence for sexually abusing ten boys. The former penn state assistant coach is appealing his conviction. 
>>> On wall street, the dow slid 240 points to a seven-week low. The s&p and nasdaq also posted sharp declines as well. The sell-off was prompted by weak earnings reports from three major industrial companies. 
>>> And apple revealed the ipad mini with a 7.9 inch screen and starting price of $329. The tablet is designed to compete with the ipad 7. We shall see. 
>>> We all know that honey boo boo's endorsement of president obama is the only celebrity opinion that really matters but another razor sharp political mind has followed last night's debate in realtime. Brace yourself for twitter wisdom. The "ridiculist" is next. eight princesses. I'm an expert on softball. And tea parties. I'll have more awkward conversations than I'm equipped for because I'm raising two girls on my own. I'll worry about the economy more than a few times before they're grown. But it's for them, so I've found a way. Who matters most to you says the most about you. Massmutual is owned by our policyholders so they matter most to us. Massmutual. 'Ll help you get there. 

[00:54:42]


[M[Mususicic]] ImImagaginine e ifif y youou c cououldld alalwawaysys s seeee l lififee inin t thehe b besest t lilighght.t. EvEverery y titimeme o of f daday.y. OuOutdtdoooorsrs, , oror I in.n. TrTranansisititiononss???? l lenensesess auautotomamatiticacal llly y fifiltlterer j jusustt ththe e ririghght t amamouountnt o of f lilighght.t. So youou s seeee e eveveryryththiningg ththe e waway y itit I iss memeanant t toto b be e seseenen.. MaMaybybe e evevenen a a lilittttlele b betetteter.r. l litit,, asask k fofor r TrTranansisititiononss adadapaptitiveve l lenenseses.s. 
>>> Oh, it's time for the "ridiculist." Tonight, we are adding political pundits everywhere. This one's going to get me in trouble, noi. That's right, I hate to do it. I love me election year punditry and I work with some of the best, gergen, borger, carville, matalin. The mt. Rushmore of political insight. But not so fast, david gergen. Hold on to your whiskey, james carville. There's a new pundit in town. Maybe not in town technically but at least in front of her computer somewhere. Her name is lindsey lohan, noted lifetime movie star and all around national treasure. Naturally her tweets are extremely newsworthy, especially ones about the american political climate. So david gergen, while you were hanging out in washington last night with your wolf blitzer, myself and the magic wall which by the way you might not realize this, doubles as a beer pong table in john king's garage on weekends, you were missing out on the real political analysis on ms. Lohan's twitter feed. Omg, it is happening, exclamation mark, exclamation mark, I'm so nervous. Ms. Lohan posted that late last night. Coincidentally, I got that same e-mail from james carville but i digress. Later, ms. Lohan was back in her capacity as a historian tweeting 1920s, 1950s, DOT, DOT, DOT, Dot, it's all the same, comma, history repeats itself, dot dot dot dot, only if you let it. Duly noted, lindsey lohan. I should point out that ms. Lohan has already said she's inclined to support mitt romney. She spoke to the e exclamation point network. At a place where all important political parties get made, a launch party for a new ginseng beverage. 

[00:58:17]


>> I just think it's really important so as of now I think it's mitt romney. As of now. 
>> Back to last night. You know the thing on twitter where celebrities try to interact with other celebrities who then ignore them? We've all seen it. It's embarrassing, especially for me every time I get ignored by jacque harry. It seems during the debate, ms. Lohan was trying to get the attention of hbo's bill maher. I really want to know your honest to god thoughts, she wrote. Will you please direct message me? 
[ Crickets ] 
>> now, I don't know if bill maher direct msaged lindsey lohan or not. Maybe he did. After all he does a political talk show and she's not if not very relevant. She also attempted to interact with sarah silverman. And the camp from "vanity fair" magazine. Apparently no luck there. I know what you're thinking. Anderson, why should I care what hollywood people think about the election? They are so out of touch. Not so, america. Not so at all. Lindsey lohan is a woman of the people. She cares about pocketbook issues, literally. Just take a look at this totally relatable tweet from just a few weeks ago. Quote, burkin, period. Mac computer, period. Chanel and a jet. Never quit fighting to live your dreams. God bless. A private jet, a burkin handbag that costs, I don't know, thousands of dollars. God bless, indeed. Not only that, she wrapped up her live tweeting of last night's debate with a bipartisan back slap. Nice work to both barack obama and mitt romney. Dot dot dot. I'm so relieved that it's over. Maybe more than both of you dot dot, severe anxiety. God bless, xo. You see, a thoughtful nuanced lindsey lohan, exactly what you want in a pundit or ginseng 

﻿Title: Andrea Mitchell Reports
Description: Interviews with political figures with host Andrea Mitchell.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 6/29/2009
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

And I support that. Romney muff his chance to rule those auto workers in ohio? 
>> I'm a son of detroit. Born in detroit. My dad was head of a car company. I likemerican cars. And I would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. My plan to get the industry on its feet when it was in real trouble was not to start writing checks. It was president bush that wrote the first checks. I disagreed. These companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy. 
>> Governor romney, you keep on trying to, you know, air brush history here. You were very clear, that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would have gone through a -- 
>> you're wrong. 
>> I am not wrong. 
>> You're wrong. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> Why didn't romney go after the president again on benghazi? 
>> It's been a story of changing stories by the administration we didn't want to go into all the litigation of it because what mitt romney wanted to do is lay out his vision for the country. 
>> Two weeks ago and it's a sprint to the finish. Romney's out west with rallies in nevada and colorado later today. President obama in florida kicking off a three-day blitz trying to show he has a second term agenda and he's even got the handy pamphlet to prove it. 
>> In this campaign, I've laid out a plan for jobs and middle-class security. And unlike mitt romney, I'm actually proud to talk about what's in it. Because my plan actually will move america forward. And by the way, the math in my plan adds up. 
>> God day. I'm andrea mitchell live in washington. The presidential debates are over. The campaigns now in a frantic nonstop push for seven battleground states. And who will get a bump out of both? Joining me david axelrod, senior adviser to the obama campaign. Thank you very much, david, for being with us. 

[00:02:08]


>> Good to be with you. 
>> Got a plan, got a pamphlet. Deja vu all over again as yogi berra would say, reminded me of putting people first, bill clinton after the new hampshire primary he had that pamphlet in ida when he went down battling off the late paul son gas. What is the strategy in coming up with a pamphlet now with only 14 days to go? 
>> Of course, the pamphlet reflects the ideas that the president has advanced throughout this campaign about where we need to go as a country, building on the progress that we've made, andrea. It's the plan that he talked about at the conventions. It's the plan that he talks about every day. We wanted to codify it and put it in one place as voters making their final decisions, contemplate those decisions they have a chance to look at the specific ideas the president is offering. To advance our education system, rebuild ou macturing sector, to balance our budget in a responsible way, to seize the opportunities of a new energy future and that's all reflected in that pamphlet. We also want them to look at governor romney's plan because what they'll find is a bunch of topic heads and nothing underneath and what the plan really is as the president said in the last debate, one-point plan, tax cuts for the wealthy, deregulate wall street. And it's the same plan that wrecked our economy in the first place. We want them to focus clearly on that choice as november 6th approaches. 
>> Is this a concession that a lot of people feel that the president has not been specific enough about whatis second term agenda would be? 
>> No. It's just the kind offing that i you do at the end of a campaign as people are making their final choices. You know, most people have made their decisions if you believe all of the polling and you see this robust early voting going on around the country, but there are some who are still thinking it through and we want to give them a summary of the argument that they can see and read and contemplate as they make those final decisions. 

[00:04:12]


>> Couldn't you have done that at the beginning campaign or done it as explicitly as bill clinton did at the conventions and follow up speeches? Does the president have a problem in communicating exactly what he would do in this second term? 
>> No, I don't think so, andrea. I think he did it in the debate last night. He did it in the last debate. He did it at the convention and on the stump every day. There are a handful of voters and it's a relative few still making their decisions and we wanted to put it in front of them to contlate as they make those final decisions. 
>> David, in your strategy last night going in, were you prepared for the mitt romney who showed up last night in terms of maybe the two wings of the republican party the bush '41, bush 43 wing on foreign policy? 
>> You know when you prepare for mitt romney you have to be agile because you never know who's going to show up and, you know, there were rumors going into the debate he was going to try to walk away from this positions and statements that you covered this closely, andrea, so you know that he had real differences with the president on setting a timeline in afghanistan. He did want troops and he did just recently say had he thinks we should still have troops in iraq. He's hinted over time that somehow we should be moving to the next phase in iran and that the sanctions had run long enough and on these and so many other issues last night he seemed to try to walk away from it. You know, you can't do that. You can't walk away from years and months of position taking an record. And one thing that was striking to me is this was a debate about who's going to be the commander in chief. And the one thing and you know this better than anyone because you've covered these issues for years if you are not consistent and you not committed to a course a you can't communicate that course clearly to the world, you're not going to be a very effective commander in chief and frankly he wasn't a very effective candidate on that stage last night. 

[00:06:14]


>> Now that we're facing this battleground push and we've got it down to seven battleground states, what do you do? Do you just camp out in ohio and hope that is your firewall? Hope you can eek out a victory there? 
>> Let me set this race for you. I think we have a broad ttleound. Every battleground that we identified in the beginning is still very competitive. Some I think are very much in our favor. I think we're ahead or tied in all of them. And so we're goingo be -- we're going to be running around the cntry and trying to see as many and touch as many voters in as many states as possible. In the state of florida where the debate took place last night we're in a race that ist worst even and we think maybe a couple points in on favor. Nb income a lot of xektation -- north carolina we've doubled down. We registered 350,000 new voters there early voting has been favorable to us. We're bullish on the opportunity there. Virginia is a state in which we're even or slightly ahead. So, you know, we're going for the whole thing. We don't need a firewall. We're going after all of those states. Obviously ohio has been a favorable state for us. It's an important state. No republican has ever been elected president without carrying the state of ohio. I don't think be governor romney helped himself with his positions on trade and the exchanges with the president over those issues and I don't think he helped himself with his kind of fumbling answer on the auto bailout which, of course, he opposed. One in eight workers in ohio are auto related jobs and what the president did has been so important to the economic resurgence that's going nonohio right now. 
>> David, you mentioned north carolina we have north carolina leaning republican. Is there any chance we'll see the president going to north carolina or do you really -- 

[00:08:18]


>> I'm not going to -- 
>> -- I wouldn't rule that out, andrea. I am telling you, you know, i said on a call earlier with some reporters you may have been on it -- 
>> I was on that call, yes. 
>> This is, you know, there's all this conjecture and a lot is animated by this sort of flood of public polling, often contradictory, much of it methodically suspect and all i know is what real, what is real is we registered a huge number of voters in that state. What is real is what's going on on the ground in terms of early voting. We believe it's competitive and we're going do everything we can. We invested more money in television in that state. We're going after north carolina as we are allhe other battleground states and i wouldn't rule out anything between now and election day. 
>> Thank you so much, david axelrod. Thanks for being with us today. 
>> Always nice. Thank you. 
>> And now there are seven. So few states, so little time to talk about that battleground in our daily fix, chris cizilla, msnbc contributor and managing editor of post politics.Com. Chris, first to you, talk about what david said and the battle ground. When you look at it and looking at the cold eye of your editorial in political analysis, where should they all be, the dantss? 
>> Well, I can continue to believe, andrea, first of all let me say, I take david axelrod at his word they're spending money in north carolina but i don't think that's a statehey win. It may be close now. I don't see it. Where will they and should they be spending time? Call it a fire wall, whatever you want, but ohio is the most important state in the country. For both sides. Mitt romney has very narrow paths to 270 electoral votes without ohio. There are paths, just not all that plausible. Barack obama with ohios almost to the 270 he needs, pick up a few states here or there, new hampshire and iowa, wisconsin, for example. So it seems to me there are seven but there really are only one in that without ohio, i don't know that mitt romney gets there even if he winds up winning florida, north carolina, and virginia. That gets him to 248 electoral votes. Add ohio in there, now at 266 and he's really close. There's a big difference between being four electoral votes away and 22 away. 

[00:10:51]


>> Iowa has moved int tossup, another big change for us. Iowa is a big challenge the president heading there now. Let's talk about the foreign policy debate because you elizabeth, went through it point by point. Where mitt romney really shifted to be closer to the first george bush than the second george bush. 
>> Right. There was five issues I heard. Some of them we heard from david axelrod one on iran sanction hess was supportive of the president on iran sanctions and talking ability peace and war the last -- 
>> diplomacy. 
>> He was on afghanistan he was pretty unequivocal said we want to get out of there by 2014 and in the past he's talked about i want to consult with the general first and and talked about going after terrorists as long as they're around. He also was supportive of the president on mubarak, on the jettisoning of mubarak in egypt. Supporting the president on drones. In syria he made it clear we do not want to get the u.S. Military involved in syria. That's somewhat different than -- 
>> he's moved on that because initially he said we should arm the rebels, echoing what john McCAIN AND OTHER PEOPLE ON THE Hill have been saying, then he moved in his foreign policy speech we should help our partners, meaning the saudis and others, help our partners arm the rebels and then last night it was no, no no fly zone, no military involvement by the u.S., And really making it very clear that he's talking about working through our allies. Chris cizilla, why the decision to switch to a much more moderate stance on foreign policy? Is this all about women? The women vote andus groups who have said that men and women in america are really weary of war. 
>> Because I think that first of all, yes, especially the war iness is an important point you made which is one thing that mitt romney kept mentioning was peace. I want peace. We want peace. I do think that's to speaks to the whatever you think our foreign policy should be, there is a wariness in this country after iraq and afghanistan. There is. You've seen approval, do you think those wars were worth fighting? Large majorities say they weren't. What romney was trying to do became reflective in the positions he took was to say look, I'm not a scary guy. You know, I'm not a guy who's going to do radical thingsith our foreign policy. You know me. Probably actually trust me on the onomy. You know I at least know my stuff. May not agree with me but I know my stuff. Might not know if I know my stuff on foreign policy but I'm calm, reserved, I'm sober. The president can attack me. I'm not going to engage. It with you a calibrated strategy to say I'm not scary. Don't be afraid of what I would do in the world community if i was president of the united states. That's what they think closes the deal for them. I think they thi they've won the economic argument. The obama campaign would dispute that. They think they might have won the argument with that first debate. Can they close the deal. He did it by playing it safe. 

[00:13:57]


>> And elizabeth, defense spending, anothe, big change. Well -- 
>> actually not -- 
>> but another big difference i should say between these two sides. One of the last remaining differences. 
>> In my neck of the woods that's what I heard, still a huge divide. The numbers -- they were throwing around numbers last night that were not -- the way it adds up romney would over the course of the next decade, add $2 trillion to the defense spending more or less if you go cam clagss and what budget analysts calculate and what obama would not. Romney says obama is cutting the defense budget by $1 trillion. Not quite. So far he's cut it $500 billion over ten years, a leveling off of the defense budget. There is a big difference though -- 
>> the rate of increase. 
>> Yes. Basically keeping it flat over ten years, keeping it on pace with inflation. But romney, you know, would buy a lot of ships, build more ships than obama would. We heard that last night. He's going on about the navy being the smallest since 1916. Obama came back with his aircraft carrier remark and it's the capability of the ships not the number that matter. 
>> And we should point out something that you and I were talking about off camera, remember chris cizilla, that the horses are still part of our military. Remember the pictures of the cia guys calling in -- calling in air strikes. 
>> In afghanistan at the beginning of the afghan war right after 9/11. 
>> And bayonets are still -- marines system get bayonet training as many republicans reminded me and everyone on twitter last night 37 it was clearly a prepackaged line like THE 1980s CALLED THEY WANT THEIR Foreign policy back. Always or almost always with those lines, it sounds better in the moment than it might upon going back at it. But most people only watch it in the moment. They don't reanalyze these things. 
>> And replay as we showed today. 
>> Right. 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> Thank you. 

[00:15:58]


>> The day after. Chris cizilla. And roll reversal who was that republican foreign policy moderate on stage with the president on stage last night? Former missouri senator jim talent. And still ahead more on the debate and battleground matchup from two people who have been there, michael gerson and michael feldman. This is "andrea mitchell reports" only on msnbc. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. 1-800-345-2550 to Kong. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 After that, it's on to Germany. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Then tonight, I'm trading 9500 miles away in Japan. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 With the new Global account from Schwab, TDnt down opportunities around the world 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 as if I'm right there. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 And I'm in total control because I can trade 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 directly online in 12 markets in their local currencies. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 I use their global research to get an edge. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Their equity ratings show me how Schwab 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 rates specific foreign stocks 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 based on things like fundamentals, momentum and risk. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 And I also have access to independent 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 firms like Ned Davis Research 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 and Economist Intelligence Unit. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Plus, I can talk to their global specialists 24/7. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 And trade in my global account commission-free 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 through March 2013. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Best part... no jet lag. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Call 1-866-294-5409 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 and a Global Specialist 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 will help you get started today. bp gulf. Bp has paid over twenty-three billion dollars to help those affected and to cover cleanup costs. Today, the beaches and gulf are open, and many areas are reporting their best tourism seasons in years. And bp's also committed to america. We support nearly 250,000 jobs aninvest more here than anywhere else. We're working to fuel america for generations to come. Our commitment has never been stronger. PA ??0y0y3??o????????y 

[00:19:34]


>>> We had a severe outbreak last fight. It was at least, at least phase three romnesia. 
>> President obama in florida today punching up his romnesia line and punching home his argument, his claim that mitt romney is changing his message. Former missouri senator jim talent adviser to the romney campaign and joins us now. 
>> Hi, andrea. 
>> Thanks for being with us. Good to see you. There has been lot of reporting, you saw experienced veteran, former white house state department and now pentagon correspondent for "the new york times" with five specific instances where mitt romney changed his position, modified his foreign policy stance, between the last speech and the last debate and today. Or last fight. 
>> Yeah. I got to tell you, be andrea, i think the opposite is true. Let's just be fair. I think the president is modifying his position to come closer to governor romney's and by the way come closer to the main stream of american foreign policy. He goes and does an apology tour and last night denies it was an apology tour. Resists sanctions -- 
>> excuse me, setor, I have fact checked the so-called apology tour and itust didn't happen. 
>> Yeah. He went to -- four different cities and said america had dictated -- h resisted sanctions against iran for 18 months didn't do anything, congress forced it on him, called assad a reformer now saying he must go. Proposed budgets when secretary gates was his defense secretary which were proposed $50 billion above in defense spending what he's now proposing. He's the one who's moved. It's almost like he's acted like the first two years of his administration didn't happen. I mean I heard the list. I thought governor romney has been very consistent in all those and arguing that an an america that leads strong and has strong alliances is an america that can keep the peace. 

[00:21:36]


>> I've been covering the iran sanctions at the u.N. And in the p5 plus 1 this administration after its attempt in february of '09 to -- excuse me in january of '09 to reach out and give iran a chance to try to have an engagement after that initial attempt there was nothing but a move at the united nations by secretary clinton to try to bring all of the allie on board on sanctions and the allies were demanding make an overture and we'll be with you. They ended up with the toughest sanctions ever. 
>> Took 18 months had to water it down to get the russians to agree to something, only with the congress and senator menendez leading the president nt further. 
>> In the second central bank sanctions they believed the energy piece needed more time to play out. They would possibly -- but tir argument they would possibly help iran by raising energy prices so you would bail iran out of its economic difficulty if you imp those sanctionses a at that stage oil prices would zoom up. 
>> The president said how he stood up for democracy. What was his reaction to the iranian rigged elections? Didn't want to medal with them. He wouldn't stand up for tibet in dealing with the chinese in the first -- the whole first year and half the administration was about america has been too strong on the world, dix stated too much, I'm sorry about it. That'shat it was. And now he's turning around talking about the kind of things governor romney has talked about the last year. 
>> Let me show you a bit of debate of your candidate last night. 
>> Okay. 
>> He was mr. Congeniality last night. Let's watch. 
>> You were stuck with mubarak? 
>> No. I believe as the president indicated and said at the time that I supported his action there. We had to go into pakistan, to get osama bin laden. That was the right thing to do. It's widely reported drones are being used in drone strikes and I support that entirely. 

[00:23:49]


>> Well, I mean those -- that's what he said all along. He's always supported drone strikes. The point he made last night over and over and is we want kill our way out of this. In other words, we're fighting a totalitarian ideology that's wrapped itself around, you know, a twisted version of a great religion and we have to fight that with our values and by standing up for what we believe in. That was -- that's the big -- governor romney has never opposed the drones but what he SAIDs IS, WE HAVE TO RECOGNIZE Who it is we're dealing with and fight them on more levels and he made that point over and over i thought very well last night. 
>> Senator, did you in your campaign strategy reach the conclusion that president obama basically could have lost the election in the denver debate and that all mitt romney had to do is prove that he is likable, competent, that he is a credible alternative, and has an advantage on economic issues and is a credible commander in chief? Was that the defense that you were all playing last night? 
>> I thought -- I saw the opposite. I saw a president who I felt as the debate was going on, thought he needed to make points, that he needed to be aggressive because he was going after vernor romney in some cases for things that, you know, i have a little difficulty understanding. I thinwhat governor romney wanted to do was put across the vision and choice in foreign policy as he's done in economic policy. 
>> And now the strategy is, is it all about the midwest? 
>> Yeah. Well I agreed with what I heard david axelrod was saying. I think that, you know, there are battleground states left and both sides think that they're all up for grabs and going to go for all of them and we're doing that. Our message is the same that we can either go on the way we've been, or we can do things different over the next four years and governor romney's presenting his views about how to turn the economy around and get peace. 
>> Senator jim talent, thank you, sir. Thanks for being with us. Now the debates are over what can we expect in the next 14 days? The strategy sessions. Straight ahead on "andrea mitchell reports." 

[00:26:00]


>> Time for the your business entrepreneur of the week. Seth works boston area renna sauns fares, haunted houses and night clubs and hawks from his bone shop cart selling skulls and other items. He hooks and engages and sells through performance and mirroring customer temperaments. Watch your business sunday morning at 7:30 on msnbc. >> 

[00:28:25]


[ metal rattling ] ?????? ?????? hello? Boo! I am the ghost of meals past. When you don't use new pam, this is what you get. Residue? I prefer food-based phantasm, food-tasm. Poultry-geist works too if you used chicken. 
[ laughs ] Resi-doodle-doo. 
[ Female Announcer ] BARGAIN BRAND COOKING Spray can leave annoying residue. But new pam leaves up to 99% less residue. New pam helps you keep it off. . 
>>> Coming up, two weeks ago all about ohio and what didn't you hear in the foreignicy debate. Send me your thoughts on faceb twitter @mitchellreports. This is "andrea mitchell reports" only on msnbc. Bob... Oh, hey alex. Just picking up some, brochures, posters copies of my acceptance speech. Great! It's always good to have a backup plan, in case I get hit by a meteor. Wow, your hair looks great. Didn't realize they did photoshop here. Hey, good call on those mugs. Can't let 'em see what you're drinking. You know, I'm glad we're both running a nice, clean race. No need to get nasty. Here's y"honk if you had an affair with taylor" yard sign. Looks good. 
[ Male Announcer ] FEDEX OFFICE. Now save 50% on banners. 9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p If we want to improve our schools... ... what should we invest in? Maybe new buildings? What about updated equipment? They can help, but recent research shows... ... nothing transforms schoots like investing in advanced teacher education. Let's build a strong foundation. Let's invest in our teachers so they can inspire our students. Let's solve this. 

[00:32:20]


>>> Yes, it was billed as a foreign policy debate, but the candidates knew it was all about reaching women voters especially in ohio. 
>> What we've done is reformed education, working with governors, 46 states. 
>> Let me get back to foreign policy. 
>> Listen -- 
>> can I get back -- 
>> I need to speak a moment if you'll let me, bob. I was a governor the federal government didn't hire our teachers. But I love teachers. But I want to get our private sector growing and I know how to do it. 
>> I think we all love teachers. 
>> We all do love teachers. Joining me michael feldman, democratic strategist and former adviser to al gore and "washington post" columnist michael gerson former adviser to george bush. You've dundee bait -- you've done debate prep even against each other. 
>> Thanks for pointing that out. 
>> What did you see last night n that surprised you or, you know, confirmed your feelings about where we stand two weeks out? 
>> I think both candidates pursued theirstrategies. Governor romney's plan was to try to wrap himself a little bit in president obama's foreign policy positions, not draw too sharp a contrast, move off some of the decisions he took earlier in the campaign in order to make his foreign policy more palatable to independent voters d I think I saw the president trying to call him on it and say this is the guy that has a bunch of neocons on his board because he may not mean what he's saying tonight. That's what I saw. 
>> Michael gerson, I could imagine that john boulton was pulling out his hair or mustache watching some of the positions that governor romney was taking. 
>> I think the debate was a recognition that mitt romney does not want a fundamental choice on foreign policy where the president's positions are popular. When you look at them, america does not want to be more engaged in the middle east and more engaged in the world. He does want a fundamental choice on economic policy where he thinks he has his advantage and tried to press some of those last night. Part of this was reassurance. I think be his model was ronald reagan in 1980. Go back and look at that debate ronald reagan against jimmy carter, talked about world peace all the time. He had to get across a hurdle he was scary or dangerous and that I think was romney's intention last night and I he succeeded pretty well. 

[00:34:53]


>> When romney made that pivot and I think they kind of anticipated that there had been a number of weeks maybe from the romney camp because I was picking it up before we went on the air at 6:30 last night for the evening news, but when he made that pivot, did the president have to remain as aggressive as he was or did he come off as being unlikable? Was this -- 
>> I actually thought -- 
>> a challenge for him. 
>> Actually, I'm sure it was a challenge for him, but he handled it very well. I think the president delivered his best performance last night and maybe governor romney again not very steady on his feet on some of these issues. He held his own. Didn't make any major gaffes and that was an objective of his. The president was lot more confident. I think the president looked relaxed even when delivering, you know, his points and making sure he was holding governor romney's feet to the fire on some of the positions he had taken earlier in the campaign. But I agree with michael, governor romney's strategy was to get out of there without making a mistake and again, try to neutralize or be vague or wrap himself in president obama's foreign policy. I think somebody said last night it looked like he was auditioning to be secretary of state, not commander in chief. And look, if that was his objective he probably achieved it. 
>> Miael, you wrote in your column in "the washington post" about liberalism shrinking agenda and the marginally greater society with the sort of moderated tone coming from the obama camp. But isn't that really what bill clinton did in his re-election in 1996 when talking about, you know, the school uniforms and welfare reform. 
>> You know on foreign policy last night but also on domestic policy the dirty little secret of foreign policy in particular is continuity. There's a lot ntinuity between obama and romney and a lot between obama and george w. Bush, drone strikes and the way we got out of iraq. 
>> He doesn't want to talk about that. 
>> Guantanamo is still -- 
>> that's the nature of foreign policy. I think romney tk advantage of that somewhat, you know, last night. Obama wanted a slug fest on these issues. I think that romney ended up clenching him a lot as you would in a fight and I think that -- the president was left to accuse romney of being a flip flopper, but if he chang he was changing to positions that were more sustainable and popular. And more mainstream in some ways and that I think ends up to his advantage. That is the nature of the foreign policy debates. 

[00:37:30]


>> Now about turnout and early voting. Sure and look, I actually think a lot of talk about momentum in this race where the momentum is and isn't. The race has returned to where it with you before the conventions. 
>> I agree with that. 
>> I told some of my democratic friends after the conventions ended and the president opened up a slight lead, don't believe it we have to run this race. 
>> You had no idea he was going to blow the first debate? 
>> The president has talked about his performance in the first debate. Regardless, I think the race has tightened and it's even and i think any talk about momentum is a -- I think both campaigns are fooling thselves if they think momentum is a factor. Dead even and sitting here with michael and reflecting back on 2000 I think people understand what dead even means and both sides know every vote counts. Even though the romney campaign is gi giving the air that how momentum will carry them through. What obama will do is fight this on the ground in the key battleground states getting people to the polls early and states where you can vote early, turning out their voters on election day. That's what matters. I think what the president did last night, aggressively holding governor romney's feet to the fire was sending a message to those voters hey, you know, we don't know what candidate showed up tonight for the debate but we also don't know what candidate will show up in the oval office if elected president. That's why you need to do your job on election day. 
>> Michael feldman and michael gerson, thank you very much. By the way, I don't know about you but I don't want to revisit 2000. 
>> We agree on that. 
>> I agree. 
>> No ties. 
>> And coming up next, the commander in chief test. First letterman takes on foreign policy. 
>> YOU THINK BENGHAZIs IS THAT Guy who played gandhi. Number nine, always refer to the un as u.N. Promise on day one you'll stand up to general so. Number seven you praise madagascar's talking animals. Number six you think arab spring is a brand of soap. Refer to every world leader as what's his name. Number four, you think the g-8 is a hot boy band. Number three speak to people from other countries whiz a foreign guy accent. Number two, know gadhafi was killed but worry about gadhafi, gadhafi, gadhafi. And the number one sign you know nothing about foreign policy made it your mission to prevent iran from enriching geraniums. 

[00:39:57]


[ voice of Dennis ] ...SAFE DRIVING BONUS Check? Every six months without an accident, Allstate SENDS A CHECK. Ok. 
[ voice of Dennis ] SILENCE. Are you in good hands? new plan? Then you may be looking for help in choosing the right plan for your needs. So don't wait. Call now. Whatever your health coverage needs, UnitedHealthcare CAN HELP YOU FIND THE RIGHT Plan. Open enrollment to choose your medicare coverage begins october 15th and ends december 7th. So now is the best time to review your options and enroll in a plan. Medicare has two main parts, parts a and b, to help cover a lot of your expenses, like hospital care... And doctor visits. But they still won't cover all of your costs. NOW'S THE TIME TO LEARN ABOUT UnitedHealthcare Plans that may be right for you. Are you looking for something nice and easy? Like a single plan that combines medicare parts a & b with prescription drug coverage? A medicare advantage plan can give you doctor, hospital and prescription drug coverage all in one plan... For nothing more than what you already pay for part b. You'll also have the flexibility to change doctors from a network of providers dedicated to helping you stay healthy. PLUS WITH THE Pharmacy Saver PROGRAM, You can get prescriptions for as low as $2 at thousands of pharmacies in retail locations like these, all across the country. Call now to learn more. UnitedHealthcare HAS THE INFORMATION YOU Need so you'll be better prepared when making medicare decisions. Maybe you'd just like help paying for your prescriptions. Consider a part d prescription drug plan. It may help reduce the cost of your prescription drugs. With over 30 years of medicare experience, UnitedHealthcare HAS BEEN HELPING PEOPLE Live healthier lives. Remember, open enrollment ends friday, december 7th. We can help. CALL UnitedHealthcare To learn about medicare plans that may be right for you. Call now. ??? ??? o ] together, and these come together, one thing you can depend on is that these will come together. Delicious and wholesome. Some combinations were just meant to be. Tomato soup from campbell's. It's amazing what soup can do. 

[00:43:01]


>>> The debate is over. How would a president romney if that is what happens be different from president obama as commander in chief? Joining me now, be three experts former u.S. Ambassador to israel martin, from brookings jane, former congresswoman and president of the woodrow wilson center and james zogby, president of the arab-american institute. Thanks to all of you. First of all, jim zogby, what would you take away from the debate last night from mitt romney? You followed everything he has said from the beginning of this campaign and also his commitment to have israel's back? 
>> I don't know what to make of what we heard from mitt romney last night. I've been following him since this all began. A very different mitt romney showed up. I don't know whether the president we would get, be if he were elected, would be the one that was at the debate last night or the one who campaigned as a neo conservative these many months. I think there was a bit of dishonesty in terms of using strategy to mask policy. I don't know what policy is. I would suspect that the mitt romney that we saw for the last two ars is the one who would go to the oval office and that's one I think that would make t situation in the middle east a little more complicated and a little more dangerous. The one who showed up last night was a mirror reflection of president obama in many ways and I think would be a continuation of policy. But I don't think that's the real mitt romney. 
>> Janhar nan, you were at the debate what was your impression watching it from the audience? 
>> First of all we need to call you the iron woman of television. You do more travel and tv than anybody I've ever seen and look gorgeous. 
>> Thank you for that. 
>> Beinghere was, I think, different from watching it on tv or even listening on the radio. I thought both sides did well and I thought that jim zogby, you should have been impressed with romney's opening something I was looking for from either candidate where he basically said we need a broad vision of what america stands for in the world. We can't just kill bad guys. I know that's something you applaud and he tked about whether he would actually do this and whether it's a change in position is something else, but he did talk about the need for us to show solidarity with muslims around the world against extremism. That is the way we're going to defeat these threats not just against us but them. More muslims have been killed by these people than non-muslims. I thought obama's close was stronger, foreign policy record very good and a lot of what romney said last night supported the obama record. And the civility, andrea, this is something I would finally close with, was, impressive. Finally a debate where serious issues were on the table and the conversation was less finger-pointing and more embracing of whatever our common values are. 

[00:45:56]


>> Well, martin, what about the middle east, though? Because there was no discussion of the israeli/palestinian issue I heard and we heard, you know, what you would expect from both candidates about being israel's strong ally and on iran, a much more moderate tone from romney than might have been anticipated. I should point out just now at the white house, james carney has reiterated that the president is open to negotiations, one on one, with iran but that nothing is agreed to and that no negotiations are scheduled. 
>> Well, first of all, I can't see you, andrea, but I'm sure jane is right you are gorgeous as usual. 
>> Oh. 
>> But look what was interesting to mebout the middle east portion of the debate last night, it went on for so long. I mean it seemed to go on for like 45 minutes. Which is not a very good reflection of what, in fact, is happening out there in the world. The fact is that the united states is withdrawing from the middle east, we've withdrawn from iraq, going to end the war in afghanistan, that was supported by romney as well, and our dependence on middle eastern oil is going down rapidly to zero in the next few years where asia is where the challenges and opportunities are going to be and yet that got short shrift in the debate. Indeed, romney if you go not only on what he had to say yesterday but what he had to say in his foreign policy speech a little earlier, seems to want to double down in the middle east. And I actually heard him talk about middle east peace as well. What didn't come from obama's mouth it came from romney's mouth. So this is a bit of a head scratcher to me as to why romney is so focused on turmoil and the fact of the matter is there isn't a great deal that united states can do about that turmoil. It didn't come about because of us and we don't have a lot of levers to use in this situation and nothing he said about what he would do was convincing. Simply because there aren't any real good options for thenited states in the middle east at the moment. 

[00:48:10]


>> We have -- 
>> his basic purpose was to go to the center, mimic the commander in chief, and he did a plausible job of that. But I would prefer the one that has had four years of experience in that role. 
>> Well, jim zogby, does the united states have to be a bystander with all of the turmoil in the middle east? Do we have to wait and see what evolves in tunisia, libya, and egypt and elsewhere in the region and most importantly now in syria, which is where the violence is now going across the border since lebanon? 
>> I think the speech the president gave a bit more than a year ago the state department said it best. We didn't start it, we can't direct it and we can't determine its outcome but we can help. And that humble message is one that has been attacked by governor romney and other republicans ever since he gave it, although romney was seeming to agree with it last night. How can we help? The president also laid it out. We can help with job creation and investment. We can help with building capacity and infrastrucre. These are the kinds of things that governor romney, as jane harman said, in his opening statement, seemed to suggest, that he was agreeing with the president that we needed a kinder, gentler foreign policy because we cannot direct traffic in the region. They've been very aggreive in attacking the president on syria, but at the end of the day, the message that republicans seem to syria is identical to that of the white house, which is we can't determine the outcome here. We can help as we go, and maybe do exactly what we're doing, working with allies, attempting to sort out the situation on the ground and be there of assistance when we can, but i think martin is right and i think that there is not much we can do. However, we have to be there, because we've spent more money, sent more weapons, lost more lives, fought moral battles. It is a volatile region where we have enormous interests and many allies, and we can't walk away from it. 

[00:50:15]


>> In the minute we have left, america's role in the world and middle east? 
>> Romney raised this term peace maker. That hasn't been heard for a long time. This was a very international audience of the speech. 40% of the press corps was international. 30 countries have tried to emulate our campaign debate format, so that was a good message because it was civil and bipartisan. I think we have more to do in the middle east and around the world in the economic development sense, in the private sector trading sense, and in helping build schools and provide opportunity for the kids around the world. That's something we stand for and something we're good at. It did come up late night and i certain want us to the middle east, in asia where we have, quote, pivoted and elsewhere to stand for these things. American values is how to defeat the thrts against us. Not just as romney said killing ba guys. Have to project our values, and then we will then, I think, triumph in terms of helping to make the wor more peaceful. 
>> Jane harman thank you so much and martin and jim. What political story will make headlines in the next 24 hours? That's next right here on "andrea mitchell reports." But plenty of companies do that. So we make something else. We help make life a little easier, more convenient, more rewarding, more entertaining. Year after year. It's the reason why we don't have customers. We have members. American express. Welcome in. 
[ "The odd couple" theme playing ] humans. EVEN WHEN WE CROSS OUR "T"s AND DOT OUR "I"s, We still run into problems -- mainly other human at liberty mutual insurance, we understand. That's why our auto policies come with accident forgiveness if you qualify, where your rates won't go up due to your first accident, and new car replacement, where if you total your new car, we give you the money for a new one. Call... To talk to an insurance expert about everything else that comes standard with our base auto policy. 

[00:52:35]


[ Tires squeal ] and if you get into an accident and use one of our certified repair shops, your repairs are guaranteed for life. Call... To switch, and you could save hundreds. Liberty mutual insurance -- responsibility. What'syour policy? 
>>> Which political story will make headlines in the next 24 hours. We were talking about the obama road trip, and both candidates on the road. The president going through battleground states, and we see it's quite a trek. 

[00:54:47]


>> I always say, andrea, I'm tired right now, and I'm not doing the eight-state travels that these guys are. Obama toda florida, ohio, and then colorado, nevada, iowa. Mitt romney in nevada today, colorado, iowa tomorrow. You're talking about a whirlwind. This is 14 days left before the election. One thing I will say, andrea. Watch where they go in these last 14 days. It's not unimportant that barack obama has not set foot in the state of north carolina since the democratic national convention. They're putting their candidate in the places where they think he can win, so where they choose tells you kind of as the playing field narrows in terms of the battlegrounds, where they go is where the battlegrounds are. 
>> That's exactly why asked that question of david axelrod. No visit to north carolina. Thanks so much. I'll let you go, chri so you can get your ipad mini. We hear you can hold it in one hand. And that's does it for us for this edition of "andrea mitchell reports." Thanks for joining us today. "News nation" is next, and tomorrow we're going to have james hoffa talking about ohio and the battlegrounds for the industrial midwest. See you then. At e-trade, our free online tools and retirement specialists can help you build a personalized plan and execute it with a wide range of low cost investments. Get a great plan and low cost investments at e-trade. That was ME... the day I learned I had to start insulin for my type 2 diabetes. Me... thinking my only option was the vial and syringe dad used. And ME... discovering once-daily Levemir?? FlexPen??. FlexPen?? is prefilled. Doesn't need refrigeration for up to 42 days. No drawing from a vial. Dial the exact dose. Inject by pushing a button. FlexPen?? is insulin delivery... MY way. Levemir?? (insulin detemir [rDNA origin] injection) is a long-acting insulin used to control high blood sugar in adults and children with diabetes and is not recommended to treat diabetic ketoacidosis. Do not use Levemir?? if you are allergic to any of its ingredients. The most common side effect is low blood sugar, which may cause symptoms such as sweating, shakiness, confusion, and headache. Severe low blood sugar can be serious and life threatening. Ask your healthcare provider about alcohol use, operating machinery, or driving. Other possible side effects include injection site reactions. Tell your healthcare provider about all medicines you take and all of your medical conditions. Get medical help right away if you experience serious allergic reactions, such as body rash, trouble with breathing, fast heartbeat, or sweating. With FlexPen??... say good night to vial and syringe. Ask your doctor about Levemir?? FlexPen??. Covered by 90% of insurance plans, including Medicare. Find your co-pay at MyFlexn.com. I had enough of feeling embarrassed about my skin. 

[00:58:02]


[ Designer ] ENOUGH OF JUST COVERING UP My moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. I decided enough is enough. ?????? ?????? 
[ Spa Lady ] I STARTED ENBREL. It's clinically proven to provide clearer skin. 
[ RV Guy ] ENBREL MAY NOT WORK FOR EVERYONE 
-- and may not clear you completely, but for many, it gets skin clearer fast, within 2 months, and keeps it clearer up to 9 months. 
[ Male Announcer ] BECAUSE ENBREL????, ETANERCEPT, Suppresses your immune system, it may lower your ability to fight infections. Serious, sometimes fatal, events including infections, tuberculosis, lymphoma, other cancers, and nervous system and blood disorders have occurred. Before starting enbrel, your doctor should test you for tuberculosis and discuss whether you've been to a region where certain fungal infections are common. Don't start enbrel if you have an infection like the flu. Tell your doctor if you're prone to infections, have cuts or sores, have had hepatitis b, have been treated for heart failure, or if, while on enbrel, you experience persistent fever, bruising, bleeding, or paleness. If you've had enough, ask your dermatologist about enbrel. 
>>> Hi, everyone. I'm tamron hall. The "news nation" is following the final 14 in the race for the presidency. There are no more debates and it no more scheduled face-to-face meetings for president obama and governor romney. The president has hit the ground running. He's in ohio this afternoon after holding a post-debate rally in florida a couple of hours ago. A rally in which the president again dished out what he referred to as medical advice to governor romney. 
>> Last night he said he always supported taking out osama bin laden, but in 2007 he said it wasn't worth moving heaven and 

﻿Title: Arthur - What's Cooking?; Buster's Special Delivery
Description: Arthur thinks he could win the Lakewood Elementary cooking contest; Buster volunteers to deliver the school mail.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 5/26/2006
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

And by contributions to your PBS station from... ?????? Every day when you're walking down the street ?????? ?????? Everybody that you meet has an original point of view. ?????? 
( laughs) ?????? And I say hey! ?????? Hey! ?????? What a wonderful kind of day ?????? ?????? If we could learn to work and play ?????? ?????? And get along with each other ?????? ?????? You got to listen to your heart ?????? ?????? Listen to the beat ????????? ?????? Listen to the rhythm, the rhythmf the street ?????? ?????? Open up your eyes, op up your ears ?????? ?????? Get together and make things better by working together ?????? ?????? It's a simple message and it comes from the heart ?????? ?????? Believe in yourself ?????? ?????? For that's the place to start ?????? ?????? And I say hey! ?????? Hey! ?????? What a wonderful kind of day ?????? ?????? If we could learn to work and play ?????? ?????? And get along with each other. ?????? Hey! ?????? What a wonderful kind of day ?????? ?????? Hey! What a wonderful kind of day. ?????? Hey! 
ARTHUR: Hey, D.W. Hey! Whoa! 
( crash) Hi. I'm D.W., and this is going to be the best show you've ever seen. You know why? Because Arthur's letting me do the show opener... 
ARTHUR: Cut! D.W., you have to look right at the camera, so you make contact with the viewers. Okay, okay! Show opener, take two. Hello. My name's D.W. I'm opening the show today, and it's going to be... Cut! This isn't working. We need... We need a different setting, someplace more exciting and scenic, like... the ocean! Hello, everyone... 
ARTHUR: Cut! Too much motion We need something just as scenic, but not as distracting, like... I know! Outer space! Cut! This isn't right, either. It's too... Listen, Arthur! You said you were going to let me do this myself. Now, let me do it! Hello, and welcome to our show. My name is... Cut! That was actually great, D.W., but we're out of time. Nice job, though. Argh! 

[00:02:32]


( all gasping) 
( squawks) 
RATBURN: You kids are so lucky. This is one contest I wish I could enter. Chef Ming Tsai is coming to judge the kids' cooking contest? Who's Ming Tsai? He's the host of Simply Mingon TV. And the judge is Ming Tsai?! Arthur, this is huge! What should we make for this contest? Jalape??o cheese straws? Eh, too festive. Brie en croute? Too conservative. The cooking contest is for kids, Dad. Good, then we can make "ooblech"! I learned the recipe for ooblech at my school. People don't eat ooblech, D.W. And besides, I already know what I want to make: chocolate cake. I love chocolate cake. I have a terrific recipe for chocolate brandy cake with roasted hazelnut filling. I just want a simple chocolate cake, Dad, and I want to make it all by myself, with no help. You're going to have to have some help with the oven and the stove, and I'm working on the Crosswire taxes, so it'll have to be Dad. Don't worry, Arthur, I'll stick to oven and stove help only. Oh, here-- classic chocolate cake! Oh, this is a fantastic recipe; you'll love it. Doing it all by myself includes choosing the recipe. Oh, hi, you guys. Researching recipes? Getting hungry is more like it. What are those? They're just some information cards I laminated. Information cards? The recipe I chose is "randang," which means water-buffalo stew. It comes from the Minangkabau tribe in Indonesia, so I'm going to provide Ming with facts about their cooking practices. 
( gulps) Well, see you guys. I've got to get home and start working on my costume. Costume? I wouldn't feel right serving randang without wearing native dress. 
( groans) Don't worry, you don't need a costume when you've got a great chocolate ke. Hey, Brain, what's in the bags? st a few things for my hydroponic greenhouse. Want to see it? 

[00:04:38]


BRAIN: I've transformed my parents' old greenhouse into this fully functioning hydroponic system. Wow! Wow! The success of my berry tart for the contest depends on the quality of the ingredients themselves. It was imperative to cultivate the sweetest possible berries. 
ARTHUR: I need to do something that makes my chocolate cake really special. Good idea! A great chef always has a signature, something that makes his recipe unique. 
( slurping) Mmm... Delissimo! You know what I think it needs a little more of? 
Sugar! DAD: No! No, no! Uh, nothing makes a cake taste less sophisticated than extra sugar. 
( annoyed): Dad... Well, I'm just trying to... 
( meekly): ...help. How about if I add more extra-dark chocolate? Yeah, good idea! Tell me what you think of this. How come he gets to give advice? He's a kid, Dad. Okay, but may I please offer you one small, yet crucial, piece of advice about chocolt e cake? 
( slurping) It's good to go off-recipe and experiment a bit. 
( slurping) But there is one ingredient you absolutely must use-- and use properly-- in order to make a successful chocolate cake 
and that is: baking powder. Got it. Baking powder. Mmm, I found my signature ingredient-- an extra amount of extra-dark chocolate. 
SUE ELLEN: I've got to run down to the art room to see if the glue on my headdress is dry yet. I hope Ming Tsai is nice. I wouldn't count on it. Ming Tsai was voted one of the 50 Most Beautiful People in Famous Facesmagazine. So? So, he's not only famous, he's glamorous. What if my quiche Lorraine doesn't have enough glamour? He's not going to judge your quiche on its glamour, Muffy. That wouldn't be fair. But you've seen those TV judges. They're never fair. 

[00:06:46]


( spits) ( audience gasps) I have to say, Muffy, that bite of quiche was a complete waste of taste buds and saliva. Ming, you awful brute! How can you say such a thing about Muffy's quiche? Muffy, your quiche Lorraine was delicious. It was vomitrocious. It was an absolute disgrace. Muffy should be forbidden from cooking ever again. But I didn't even make this quiche. My cook did. He probably has impossibly high standards. I bet he takes cooking really seriously. 
EMCEE: Making a chocolate cake, in the left cooking ring, we have dessert chef Arthur Read. 
( audience exclaiming) And making his famous stir-fried butterflied shrimp with orange yuzu syrup is the renowned Ming Tsai. Chefs, take your positions. On your marks, get set, 
( bell rings) go! 
AUDIENCE: Whoo! 
( audience gasps) 
MING: Done. 
EMCEE: Ten seconds, ladies and gentlemen! We have our winner! Ming Tsai prepared a full gourmet meal in just ten seconds! Well, at least Ming Tsai's going to be the judge, not a contestant. ?????? And Ming Tsai says D.W.'s the winner ?????? ?????? D.W.'s ooblech is the best recipe in all of the land. ?????? Where's Arthur? What are you doing, Arthur? This is your last day to practice befo the contest. I'm going to set my alarm and wake up early to make the cake. Today I'm resting like a boxer does the day before a big match. Okay, champ, you're going to be great out there. 
( alarm ringing) 

[00:08:46]


( yawns) 
ARTHUR: Butter, eggs, sugar, extra-dark chocolate, baking powder. 
( gasps) Dad! Dad! What? Huh? D.W. used up all the baking powder yesterday! The most important ingredient in a chocolate cake, rember? This is an emergency! 
( sighs) I have baking powder in my catering supplies. On the shelf in the garage?! Yes, in a silver canister, rked "baking powder." Be sure not to take the canister marked "baking soda." Oh, no, it's... flat! 
( screams) Well, don't feel that bad, Arthur. I mean, look at my frozen fruit-pop entry. It's melting. At least you have an entry. 
MUFFY: Hurry up! Ming is already here! He's really nice, you guys. Even though he's famous, he's friendly. I wonder if he's friely to kids whose cooking creations are a total flop. 
SUE ELLEN: And if you refer to fact 10-b on your information card, you'll see that the spoon you are using was chiseled by hand by an old woman from the Minangkabau tribe. What a thorough presentation this is. And the water buffalo stew... The randang. Yes, randang-- it's delicious. 
( knocking) 
MR. READ: Wait! The contest must be stopped! Wait! Dad, how many times do I have to tell you? This is a kid's contest. Arthur, you made a fantastic batch of brownies! 
BOTH: Brownies? Mr. Tsai, I... Call me Ming, please. So it looks like you made some wonderful brownies, Arthur. I did? Ming, my son was aiming to bake a cake, but by accident he used baking soda instead of baking powder, and... That's why they were so flat? I just thought I'dmade a huge mistake, so I didn't even bring them in. 

[00:11:05]


MING: Well, your mistake looks pretty good to me. Let me tell you that some of the best recipes started out as mistakes. A long, long time ago in ancient China, the emperor's cook was preparing a dinner of dumplings. But he made a mistake; he didn't watch the pot and l the water boiled off. 
( screams) What is it, Father? These dumplings, they're stuck to the bottom of the pot. The emperor is ready to eat now. Quick, I'll put the dumplings on a plate for him. But I will be severely punished when he sees my terrible mistake. 
( gong) These dumplings are shriveled and brown. Your Majesty, may I present you with a new recipe from the kitchen? They're called, um... pot stickers. Hmm. Delicious. From now on, I declare that all my dumplings shall be pot stickers. And that's how pot stickers were invented, from a mistake. Except the emperor thought the pot stickers were delicious. And so are your brownies. Delicious. 
SUE ELLEN: So, Ming, who's the winner? Well, Sue Ellen, the ultimate grand prize winner is... me. Hey, can he do that? That doesn't seem fair. Do you know why I'm the winner? Because I get to eat all this wonderful food you all worked so hard to prepare. Want to be winners, too? Oh, yes. Yeah. Dig in. 
( children chatter excitedly) 
KIDS: And now... 
( children shouting) This is Blue Ginger. He owns this restaurant, and his name is Ming. Hey, guys, what's happening? Welcome. Hi. My dad is Ming Tsai. Get your coats off and come back in the kitchen. We got to work. Today he's cooking food with us. Whoa...! 

[00:13:07]


MING: For today's dish, I'm going to do a quick little chicken stir-fry. Here's some chicken. I got a great group of six kids today, and they're going to be my sous chefs. We're going to take the hot chicken stir-fry that we're putting together, and they're going to roll it up themselves. And the coolest part, besides this being tasty and healthy... We eat this with our hands! 
MING: And then we're going to add a bunch of great aromatics. We got carrots and celery and onions and tomatoes, a little garlic and ginger, too. And you dump the whole thing in. Whoa! 
BOY: That was a really, really good scent. One of the nicest smells in the world, and I smelled it growing up, is the smell of garlic, onions and ginger. You can't have fried rice without rice. You want to use up your leftover rice to make fried rice. And then, the most important thing, guys, when you cook-- you got to taste it. Get a spoon, give it a try. Mmm. I think you guys are going to like . All right, who's hungry? ( kids shout) All right, let's go, let's do it. Smells good, huh? 
BOY: You put the chicken and the rice in the lettuce. You wrap it up, and you eat it. Mmm. It can taste good and also be healthy. 
MING: Not bad? Excellent. 
( laughing) That was a big bite. It was delicious! How's that? Excellent. Healthy food tastes good! 
ALL: Wasabi! Wasabi! 
KIDS: And now... Have you ever noticed how people5p who are really good at something make it look so easy? I even have trouble skating backwards. 
( screams) A few more hours of practice and you'll get it. It's important not to give up on something you love to do. Take the Wright brothers, for example. They failed many times before they succeeded. Huh? But they kept trying. 

[00:15:18]


( screams) And they kept crashing. It wasn't easy making the first successful airplane flight ever. Whoa. Sometimes, it takes a lot of work before you can make it look easy. I wouldn't say you made it look easy. Whoa! Ha! Ouch. Stop showing off, D.W. 
( buzzer) 
MR. HANEY: May I have everyone's attention, please? There's a new volunteer job available to a qualified third grader. Does volunteer mean you don't get paid? 
MR. HANEY: Ms. Tingley will no longer be delivering tve faculty mail. We would like to have a student take over this responsibility. It will be a rotating job, so that everyone who's interested has a chance to try it. Well, who would want to do that? Unfortunately, the job will require missing ten minutes of homeroom every morning. Now, who would like to be our first student mail carrier? Me! Choose me! I love mail! 
MR. HANEY: What skills do you possess that would make you qualified to be our first student mail carrier? As you can see from my r??sum?? and references, I have extensive experience opening mail. I subscribe to ten magazines and at least 50 catalogs. What are three adjectives that describe the real you? 
GEORGE: Uh, quiet, shy, afraid of beetles? And why would you be interested in being the first student mail carrier? I'm organized and punctual, and I think I could do a pretty good job. Hmm, you think you could? Let me talk to you about mail, Mr. Haney. Mail and me. Me and mail. You know what the most important day of my life was? No, but... The day I got my first letter. Actually, it was a coupon for a manicure, and I didn't really know what that was. But I was so touched. 

[00:17:32]


( chuckles) I never knew how strongly you felt about mail, Buster. So I'm making you the first official student mail carrier. Thanks, Mr. Haney! This is a wonderful opportunity for you to take on some responsi... Buster? 
( sighs) 
MS. TINGLEY: I've broken this job down into three easy steps. So Mr. Haney really meant what he said about miing ten minutes of homeroom? Yes. Now, the three steps are: stacking it, alphabetizing it and then delivering it to the right faculty mailbox. And this hat is really mine? If you forget one of the steps, just think Sad, short for stacking, alphabetizing and delivering... 
( bell ringing) Hi, Mr. Higgins! Hi, Buster. What's that you're wearing on your head? It's a student mail carrier's cap. It's my new job at school. Congratulations, that's quite anor. Wow! You did that rd lly fast. I make it look easy, but it takes hard work and dedication. It smed pretty easy when Ms. Tingley was showing me this afternoon. Are you aware of the huge responsibility that comes with being a mail carrier? Kind of... I know it comes with a hat. Can I impart some words of wisdom to you, one mail carrier to another? Sure. This is the creed we all live by: Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor gloom stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds. What does that mean? It means nothing stops us from delivering the mail. Snow? Heat? Gloom? Phew, sure is hot. Thank goodness this street is done. On to the next one. 
( barking ferociously) 
( thunder rumbling) Eh, what's a little rain and gloom? I've got mail to deliver! 
( shivering): Must... deliver... mail. Oh! No! 

[00:19:44]


MR. HANEY: Buster, it's about time for you to return to homeroom. But I can't go back until the job is done. I appreciate your commitment, but you need to pick up the pace a little. Right. Okay, I've got to work faster. Just be swift. Hmm. Nothing but junk mail today. How was your first day on the job? Oh, it was rough. I had barely enough time to get it all done. The first day of a job is always hard, but I'm sure you did great. Where is the bus for our field trip? I sent you the form confirming my request yesterday. I didn't receive the form, so I didn't confirm the bus. 
( sighs) Class, theield trip to the zoo is canceled. Everybody back inside for an impromptu spelling bee. 
( students groaning) Well, we were going to have a dodge ball tournament today, but my gym ball order never made it to the outgoing mailbox. 
( class groaning) So give me ten laps, and then we'll work on our push-ups. 
( blows whistle) What have I done? 
( bell rings) Prune cups? But the menu said watermelon slices today. Well, somehow, my order for watermelons got lost in the mail. 
MR. HIGGINS: Hi, there. How's the new job going? Eh, not so well. There's so much mail and so little time. I don't know how you do it. I wasn't always a great mail carrier, Buster, but I had a great teacher. He taught me everything I know. There's one thing you must remember when you're in charge of the mail, son: approach it one letter at a time. Wow. One letter at a time. Say it to yourself as you sort, as you deliver: "letter by letter." Letter by letter-- that's it! And then employ the four cardinal rules 
of efficient mail delivery: gather, look at each letter, alphabetize and deliver-- G-L-A-D, GLAD. I thought it was SAD. No, no, Buster. As my mentor always said, when you do it right, you'll be glad. Thanks, Mr. Higgins. I think you may have just what it takes, kid. 

[00:21:57]


I made your favorite: Banana walnut pancakes. I don't have time for breakft; I'm late for work. But it's only 7:30. I'm late! I'll pick something up at the office. Letter by letter.er "Haney" comes before "Ratburn." "Tingley" is after "MacGrady." Buster, yesterday there seemed to be a mix-up with the mail. There won't be any more mix-ups. I have a system. There's a faculty meeting this afternoon, and Ms. Tingley is organizing a softball game and wants to know if you'd like to join. Your job is to deliver mail, not read it. Don't I know it. I didn't know you were a softball player. 
( slurping) 
( yawns) Tired? Well, of course I'm tired. Do you know what kind of stress I'm under at work? Work?Wo Every day, there's mail, a lot of mail, and someone has to deliver it. But you've only been doing it for two days. Two days is like two years for a mail carrier. The watermelon slices are back. Thanks to my foolproof delivery system. Oh, excuse me. I have some confidential mail business. Did you get your letter, Ms. Tingley? I haven't checked my mail yet, Buster. You have a letter from France. And I wanted to remind you to use correct postage when you write back. Otherwise, it'll be "Return to sender," and we don't want that, do we? No, we don't. Mr. Haney, you threw this out. Don't worry, Buster, it'll be recycled. But it's the cafeteria menu for the next week. No need to thank me. I'm just doing my job. Do you want to come over after schootoday and watch a Bionic Bunny marathon? Uh, I remember the days when I had time to do fun things like watch TV. Why can't you do fun things anymore? 
I've got two words for you: The mail. And neither rain nor heat nor snow... Okay, okay. But it's a job that's supposed to take up only ten minutes of your day. But you have no idea what I have to do to prepare for those ten minutes. Oh... I thought we'd have Chinese food for dinner. I'm too tired to eat. You've never been too tired for vegetable dumplings before. It's this job, Mom. I love it, but it really takes it out of me. Honey, I know what it's like to think about work all the time, but you really have to learn to relax. All right, all right, one dumpling. Maybe two. I think we're all aware of what a thorough job Buster has done while serving as our first student mail carrier. I just want you all to know neither snow nor rain nor... 

[00:24:49]


( class groaning) Buster, not again. Yes, yes, your enthusiasm for mail has no bounds. You've really gone above and beyond the call of duty in the job. However, you will recall that it is a rotating position. Well, what do you mean? It means that now it's time for someone else to do the job. Are you firing me, Mr. Haney? After I gave you the best week of my life? I'm not firing you. I just want everyone to experience the huge responsibility of delivering the mail. Nobody knows what it takes until they've done it. Exactly my point. That's why I've put you in charge of training the next student mail carrier. The key to delivering mail is to do it letter by letter. I really get to wear this hat? Yes. Now, the four steps to delivering mail are GLAD: Gather it, Look at each letter, Alphabetize it... I really get to take this hat home withome? You're not listening to me. It's not about the hat. It's about delivering the mail. There should be a uniform that comes with this hat. Delivering the mail is a big responsibility, you know. There's a creed that we all live by: Neither snow nor... Aw... 
BUSTER: Have you ever wondered how an Arthurshow is made? It took more than 100 people almost a year to make the show you're watching. It all starts off with a great script that gets turned into a storyboard. Doesn't it look like a black-and-white comic book? All the actors get together to record in a studio. I've got to quit, too. 
BUSTER: A whole team of artists paints all the scenes. The director times every movement so that I can be animated. Let's hear it for teamwork! Visit us on-line at... You can find Arthur books and lots of other books, too, at your local library. ss.wgbh.org ?????? And everybody that you meet ?????? ?????? Has an original point of view ?????? ?????? And I say hey! ?????? Hey! ?????? What a wonderful kind of day ?????? ?????? If we could learn to work and play ?????? ?????? And get along with each other. ?????? Hey! ?????? What a wonderful kind of day??? Hey! Funding forArthur . ?????? ?????? 

[00:27:32]


[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chuck e. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. And by contributions to your PBS station from: Every week... That's me! Martha Speaks is proof positive... Do we love llamas, people? ...there's nothing like a talking dog. Hello! 
(voices wobbling) You guys are really irritating. Does "irritating" mean "fun"? On your mark, go! Martha Speaks on PBS Kids. Wow! 
(barking) 
(honks) Martha Speaks is funded in part by... ?????? ?????? 

[00:29:54]


[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chuck e. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. 

﻿Title: Barney & Friends - Bienvenido Barney: Mexico
Description: Monty the butterfly gets left behind as he passes through the park with a flock of friends on their way to Mexico.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/7/2009
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

?????? Barney's friends are big and small ?????? ?????? they come from lots of places ?????? ?????? after school, they meet to play ?????? ?????? and sing with happy faces ?????? ?????? barney shows us lots of things ?????? ?????? like how to play pretend ?????? ?????? ABCs AND 123s And how to be a friend ?????? ?????? barney comes to play with us ?????? ?????? whenever we may need him ?????? ?????? barney can be your friend too ?????? ?????? if you just make believe him ?????? 
>> sure, but you don't get the purple ball. You won three out of our last four games. 
>> Fine. I get the pink ball. 
>> Ice cream. Get your ice cream. 
>> Did I hear the ice cream man? 
>> I don't know, but I hope so. 
>> Hi, guys. 
>> Hey, kioko. Haven't seen you in a while. Hi, barney, old pal. 
>> I was on vacation, went to see grandma. What are you guys doing? 
>> Icy, creamy ice cream. 
>> We're getting ice cream. Come on! 
>> Hi, mr. Brantley. 
>> Hi, kids. 
>> Hi, mr. Brantley. 
>> What'll it be today, my friends? Got some super specials: Raspberry rainbow and peppermint pistachio. 
>> All right. Let me see. What do I want? I'll take a raspberry rainbow. 
>> Excellent choice, sir. 
[girls giggle] 
>> No, no, wait! Peppermint pistachio sounds better. Nah, no, no, no. Make it a raspberry. 
>> Better make up your mind, son. Summer won't last forever. 
>> What would you get if you were me, barney? 
>> [giggles] Oa! Why don't you try both? 
[together] BARNEY! 
>> Hi, everyone. Hi, mr. Brantley. 
>> Hi, barney. 
>> Oh, there's nothing like nice cold ice cream on a warm summer day. Oh, boy! ?????? Yes, it's a perfect day for having fun ?????? ?????? we'll run and play out in the sun ?????? ?????? let's jump and sing, we can do anything ?????? ?????? it's a fun, fun, sunny day ?????? all: ?????? We're gonna have fun ?????? ?????? it's a beautiful sunny day ?????? ?????? let's jump and sing, we can do anything ?????? ?????? it's a fun, fun, sunny day ?????? ?????? ?????? 

[00:02:21]


>> ?????? play some catch ?????? 
>> ?????? or climb a tree ?????? 
>> ?????? or fly a kite if we catch a breeze ?????? 
[together] ?????? It's a perfect day ?????? ?????? do as you please ?????? all: ?????? It's a fun, fun, sunny day ?????? ?????? we're gonna have fun ?????? ?????? it's a beautiful sunny day ?????? ?????? let's jump and sing, we can do anything ?????? ?????? it's a fun, fun, sunny day ?????? ?????? ?????? 
[Barney giggles] ?????? We're gonna have fun ?????? ?????? it's a beautiful sunny day ?????? ?????? let's jump and sing, we can do anything ?????? ?????? it's a fun, fun, sunny day ?????? 
[Barney hums] ?????? Let's jump and sing, we can do anything ?????? 
>> ?????? it's a fun, fun, funny ?????? 
[together] ?????? A sun, sun, sunny ?????? 
all: ?????? A FUN, FUN, SUNNY DAY ?????? 
>> [giggles] Here we go. Whoa! Oh, boy, I can't wait. 
>> Did you enjoy the ice cream? 
>> Oh, it was very good, very yummy. 
>> Not too many "ice cream" kind of days left, eh, barney? 
>> Oh, you're right, mr. Brantley. Summer's just about over. 
>> Well, enjoy. 
[together] BYE, MR. BRANTLEY. See you later. 
>> Bye, everyone. Ice cream. Get your ice cream. 
>> AH. [sniffs] Oh, do you sme that? Oh, there's change in the air. When the leaves start turning colors, that says fall's on the way. 
[together] WOW. 
>> I wish it could be summer forever. 
>> Summer's a wonderful time of year, but the other seasons bring their own kind of fun. The winds of autumn make for great kite flying. 
>> I like drinking hot chocolate on a nice cool night. 
>> I like playing in piles of leaves. That's my favorite. 
>> And don't forget halloween. 
>> Oh, no. That's right. When the weather turns chilly, the pumpkins grow big and round and orange. There's a lot to like about autumn. ?????? I like to roll in the leaves, feel the cool breeze ?????? ?????? stuff a scarecrow top to bottom ?????? ?????? and you can call it "fall" if that's what you please ?????? ?????? but I say, "i like autumn!" ?????? 

[00:04:37]


all: ?????? OH, SCOODLE OPPA Doodle oppa deedle oppa deeze ?????? ?????? our jackets, we're glad we brought 'em ?????? ?????? and you can call it "fall" if that's what you please ?????? ?????? but I say, "i like autumn!" ?????? 
>> ?????? I like to roll in the leaves ?????? 
>> ?????? feel the cool breeze ?????? 
>> ?????? stuff a scarecrow top to bottom ?????? 
>> ?????? and you can call it "fall" if that's what you please ?????? 
[together] ?????? But I say, "i like autumn!" ?????? 
all: ?????? OH, SCOODLE OPPA Doodle oppa deedle oppa deeze ?????? ?????? our jackets, we're glad we brought 'em ?????? ?????? and you can call it "fall" if that's what you please ?????? ?????? but I say, "i like autumn!" ?????? ?????? oh, scoodle oppa doodle oppa deedle oppa deeze ?????? ?????? our jackets, we're glad we brought 'em ?????? 
>> ?????? and you can call it "fall" if that's what you please ?????? ?????? but I say, "i like autumn!" ?????? 
all: ?????? YES, YOU CAN Call it "fall" ?????? ?????? if that's what you please ?????? ?????? but I say, "i like autumn!" ?????? 
[Barney giggles] 
>> Whoa. 
>> Cool. 
>> Hear that? It's the autumn wind. 
>> Oooh! 
[giggles] Whee! 
[giggles] 
>> Hey, it's baby bop. 
all: HI, BABY BOP. 
>> Hi. Look! Look, lookee, look! 
>> Hey, where did all the butterflies come from? 
>> I don't know, but there they go. 
>> I think they're migrating, like they do every fall. 
>> That's right, emma. These are monarch butterflies, and they fly south for winter, just like the birds. 
>> Why do they do that? 
>> Because it gets cold here in the winter, but it stays warm in other places. 
>> And the butterflies like to be where the weather is warm. 
>> Oh, look! It's monty, my very good friend monty. 
>> Oh, my. I believe it ismonty. 
>> Oh, it's me, baby bop. Do you remember me, monty? Oh! 

[00:06:41]


[giggles] 
>> How did you get it to do that, baby bop? 
>> Oh, I've known monty since he was just a little itty-bitty baby caterpillar. 
>> Caterpillars grow up to be butterflies. And these must be monty's friends and family. 
>> There are one, two, three of them. 
>> Oh, that's right. 
[together] ?????? THREE LITTLE Butterflies looking at you ?????? ?????? one flew away, and then there were two ?????? 
all: ?????? BUTTERFLY, BUTTERFLY, Happy all day ?????? ?????? butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly ay ?????? 
>> bye-bye. 
[giggles] ?????? Two little butterflies sitting in the sun ?????? ?????? one flew away, and then there was one ?????? 
all: ?????? BUTTERFLY, BUTTERFLY, Happy all day ?????? ?????? butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away ?????? 
>> oh, just one more butterf. ?????? One little butterfly left all alone ?????? ?????? one flew away, and then there was none ?????? ?????? butterfly, butterfly, happy all day ?????? ?????? butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away ?????? bye-bye, little butterfly! 
>> Bye. 
all: ?????? BUTTERFLY, BUTTERFLY, Happy all day ?????? ?????? butterfly, butterfly, fly, fly away ?????? 
>> oh, yay, butterflies! Thanks, barney! 
>> You too. 
>> Hey, look, there's monty. 
>> What's the matter with him? Seems kind of worked up about something. 
>> I think he may be looking for his friends and family. 
>> Oh, yeah, where'd they all go? 
>> Oh, monty, we'll help. Butterflies! Here, little butterflies! 
>> Look, cuz, they're playing hide-and-seek. 
>> They can hide, but we can seek 'em. 
>> Come on. We'll find 'em! 
[both laugh] Olly olly oxen free! Come out, come out, wherever you are! 
>> Am I getting warmer, colder? Warm? Cold? Warm? 

[00:08:45]


>> What-- 
[giggles] Who are we looking for, anyway? 
[together] The butterflies! 
>> Butter... 
>> Flies? 
>> There was a whole flock of butterflies a minute ago, but now they're gone. 
>> Oh, where'd they go? 
>> We don't know. That's why we're looking. 
>> Uh-oh. Maybe while we were playing with monty, the others went ahead and flew south for winter. 
>> And left monty behind? 
>> Oh! Oh! What should I do? ?????? What should I do? ?????? ?????? what should I do? ?????? ?????? what should I do when I don't know what I should do? ?????? 
>> ?????? should I make a brave face? ?????? 
>> ?????? should I cross my arms and wait? ?????? whoa. 
>> ?????? Should I count the ticktocks on the clock ?????? ?????? when I haven't got a clue? ?????? 
>> ?????? what should I do? ?????? 
[together] ?????? What should I do? ?????? 
>> ?????? what should I do? ?????? 
[together] ?????? What should I do? ?????? ?????? what should I do when I don't know what I should do? ?????? 
>> ?????? should I tap my toes? ?????? 
>> ?????? should I shout a big "oh, no"? ?????? 
>> ?????? should I ring my mom or sing a song? ?????? 
>> ?????? I'm feeling so confused! ?????? ?????? what should I do? ?????? 
[together] ?????? What should I do? ?????? 
>> ?????? what should I do? ?????? 
[together] ?????? What should I do? ?????? what should I do when I don't know what I should do? ?????? 
all: ?????? WHAT SHOULD I DO? ?????? 
>> ?????? What should I do? ?????? 
all: ?????? WHAT SHOULD I DO? ?????? 
>> ?????? What should I do? ?????? 
all: ?????? WHAT SHOULD I DO WHEN I don't know what I should do? ?????? ?????? ?????? 
>> oh, poor monty. 
>> Come on, let's see if we can find the other butterflies. 
>> I'll be there in a minute. 
>> Okay. Let's go. 
>> See you later. 
>> Okay, bye-bye. 
>> Oh! Oh, oh! I have an idea! Monty can stay here with me! Oh, we'll have lots of fun together. 
>> I don't know, sissy. He still seems sort of, you know, sad. I think he misses his friends. 
>> Oh, and when it gets cold, the flowers that butterflies like won't be in bloom anymore. 

[00:10:50]


>> Yeah, he won't have anything to eat. 
>> I'll make him macaroni and cheese. 
[laughter] 
>> Sissy, I don't think butterflies eat mac and cheese. 
>> Well, they go to mexico every winter, where it's warm and there's plenty to eat. 
>> They go to mexico? 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> That sounds very far away. 
>> Do you know what? I have a pen pal there. 
>> You do? 
>> Yeah, her name is amorita. She tells me all about mexico. Sounds like a fantastic place. 
>> Maybe monty would like to go to see his friends and family. 
>> Well, what do you say, monty, old pal? 
>> Oh, I think that's butterfly for "yes, siree." 
>> But no, siree. I think --he-- he jt has the hiccups. 
>> I have an idea. Why don't we all take a little end-of-summer vacation to mexico? 
>> All right! 
>> Cool! 
both: WE'RE GOING ON VACATION! We're going on vacation! 
>> And all we need is a little imagination and... 
[giggles] Whoa! 
[together] The travel book! 
>> That's right. Is everyone ready to go? 
[together] READY! 
>> Okay. Let's go. ?????? There are so many places we can go ?????? ?????? there's just so much to see ?????? ?????? if we use our imaginations ?????? ?????? we can be anywhere we want to be ?????? 
all: ?????? NOW HERE WE GO AGAIN, We're travelin' ?????? ?????? there's a great big world to see ?????? ?????? we're gonna have fun, you know, everywhere we go ?????? ?????? a new adventure for you and me ?????? 
>> oh, yeah! 
>> ?????? Meet a friend or two, that's what we'll do ?????? ?????? and learn how they live each day ?????? ?????? we're going to travel around this great big world ?????? ?????? in a new and exciti way ?????? okay! 

[00:12:57]


all: ?????? NOW HERE WE GO AGAIN, We're travelin' ?????? ?????? there's a great big world to see ?????? ?????? we're gonna have fun, you know, everywhere we go ?????? ?????? a new adventure for you and me ?????? 
>> oh, boy. Oh, I can't wait. 
[giggles] 
[festive music] ?????? ?????? 
>> they know how to dance. 
>> Wow. 
>> Oh, boy. 
>> All right. 
>> Ooh, look at the skirts. They're so pretty. 
[cheers and applause] 
>> Bienvenido,barney. 
>> Welcome, barney. 
>> Oh, my. Thank you. 
>> Me llamofernan. My name is fernan. Como te llamas? 
>> Say what? 
>> Fernan is asking what your name is. Me llamobarney. 
>> Ohh. 
[clears throat] Me llamob.J. 
>> Right. Can you say "my name is" in spanish? Me llamobarney. What's your name? 
>> Me llamohaley. 
>> Me llamocaleb. 
>> Me llamohenry. 
>> Me llamocharisse. 
>> Me llamoemily. 
>> Me llamocamille. 
>> Me llamomaya. 
>> Me llamorichard. 
>> Welcome to mexico. This is my little sister. 
>> Me llamoamorita. 
>> Amorita? I have a pen pall named amorita. 
>> I have one too. Her name's emma. 
>> That's me! I'm her. I'm emma! 
[laughter] 
>> That's soool! 

[00:14:58]


>> Small world, isn't it? 
>> You're just in time for the fiesta monarca. 
>> It's our festival to celebrate the return of the monarch butterflies. Every year, we give them a big welcome home party. 
>> Is this their home? 
>> Yeah, they spend wintertime here with us. 
>> Hear that? This is where your friends are. 
>> Who are you talking to, baby bop? 
>> Monty. I put him in here so he'd be nice and safe. 
>> Come on. We'll show you around. 
>> Okay, we'd love to see. 
>> Oh, cool! 
>> Now, you wait right here, okay, monty? Okay, see ya. 
>> Hey, look, everyone. The erflies have come back to us. 
>> What? 
>> Where? 
>> There, past the gate. 
>> Look. 
>> I don't see anything. 
>> Me either. 
>> Well, maybe I can help. 
[giggles] Whoa! 
[all exclaiming] 
>> Okay, what am I looking for? 
>> Over that way, baby bop. See? 
>> Ooh, what is that? 
>> They're butterflies. 
>> Oh, yeah! 
[all exclaiming] 
>> Barney? 
>> What is it, baby bop? 
>> I think monty will be happy here in mexico. 
>> I think so too. 
>> They really like butterflies, don't they? 
>> Yeah. They throw great parties for 'em. 
>> Yeah. 
>> I think this is where you belong, monty. Come on. Shoo, now. Go be with your friends. Oh, what's that? Yes, I love you too. And I always will. 
>> There he goes. 
>> Bye, monty! 
>> Good-bye, monty! 
[all talking at once] 
>> Bye-bye, monty. 
>> Good-bye, little friend. 
>> Oh, are you gonna be okay, sissy? 

[00:17:00]


>> [sighs heavily] 
>> Oh. 
>> Fernan, amorita, come help me get ready for the music. 
>> All right, grandfather. 
>> We'll help too. 
>> Yeah, we'll help too. 
>> Bueno. 
>> I know it's hard to say good-bye to a friend, baby bop. 
>> It's very hard, barney. And it's very sad. 
>> I know. ?????? When we lose something we love ?????? ?????? it can be hard to let it go ?????? ?????? but learning how to say good-bye ?????? ?????? is another way we grow ?????? ?????? no matter what happens, there's always tomorrow ?????? ?????? to bring in the sunshine and wash out the sorrow ?????? ?????? with friends yocan count on and people you love ?????? ?????? you'll feel better when tomorrow comes ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? though you may feel sad down inside ?????? ?????? it's okay to let it show ?????? ?????? these feelings that you're feeling ?????? ?????? will surely come and go ?????? 
all: ?????? NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS, There's always tomorrow ?????? ?????? to bring in the sunshine and wash out the sorrow ?????? ?????? with friends you can count on and people you love ?????? ?????? you'll feel better when tomorrow comes ?????? 
>> oh. 
[chuckles softly] You know, I think I feel better already, barney. 
>> Oh, good, baby bop. I'm glad. 
>> Oh, this will be excellent. Uitar music. 
>> Oh, me too. 
>> [chuckles] Hey, there's sissy. 
>> Fernan and I will go into the forest every day and check on him. 

[00:19:03]


>> You will? 
>> Si.Yes, we will. 
>> Thank you. Gracias,amorita. 
>> Oh, great. 
[trumpets playing] Oh, sounds like the fiesta's starting up again. 
>> Come on, everybody. Come see the dancers. 
>> Oh, okay. 
>> Oh, goody. 
>> Let's go. 
>> Over here, guys! 
>> Cool! 
>> Okay! 
>> Oh, yay. 
>> Yeah, come on. 
[laughter] 
>> Here, barney, this is for you. 
>> Why, thank you. 
>> Is everyone ready? 
[together] READY! 
>> Bueno.Good. And we begin! 
[cheerful music] 
>> Oh, boy, oh, boy! Okay, here we go. ?????? A fiesta is a great big party ?????? ?????? always lots of fun ?????? ?????? with food and fun and games and singing ?????? 
>> ?????? it's for everyone! ?????? 
>> ?????? let's have a fiesta, fiesta ?????? 
>> ?????? we will have the best of... ?????? 
[together] ?????? FOOD AND FUN And games and singing too ?????? 
>> [giggles] ?????? We see the colors ?????? ?????? and the pretty decorations ?????? 
>> ?????? of a very special nation ?????? 
all: ?????? IT'S A PARTY For me and you ?????? 
>> ole! 
[giggles] Oh, viva! Viva! 
>> ?????? A fiesta is a great big party ?????? ?????? always lots of fun ?????? 
>> ?????? with food and fun and games and singing ?????? 
>> ?????? it's for everyone! ?????? 
>> ?????? let's have a fiesta, fiesta ?????? ?????? we will have the best of... ?????? 
all: ?????? FOOD AND FUN AND GAMES And singing too ?????? ?????? we see the colors and the pretty decorations ?????? ?????? of a very special nation ?????? ?????? it's a party for me and you ?????? 
>> [giggles] Whoa! 
>> Ole! 
[applause] 
>> Yay! Oh, barney, there are so many nice, friendly people here. 
>> Oh, there certainly are. 

[00:21:04]


>> You know what else? 
>> What else? 
>> I think monty belongs here. 
>> Oh, I think you're right, baby bop. 
>> Yeah. 
>> [giggles] And now it's time for us to start back. 
>> Do we have to go, really? 
>> It's getting late. 
>> I hope you can come again sometime. 
>> Me too, fernan. 
>> And, baby bop, te amo. 
>> Tewhat-o? 
>> Te amo. 
>> What's that mean, barney? 
>> It means "i love you." 
>> Oh. Te amo,amorita. I love you too. 
>> Aw. Okay, we better go. We had funay. We'll see you later.U 
>> bye! See you soon! 
[all talking at once] 
>> Oh, and bye-bye, monty. 
[giggles] Hey, wait for me! Bye-bye! 
[all talking at once] 
>> Okay. 
>> Thanks, barney. That was one of the best vacations I've ever had. 
>> Oh, you're welcome. 
>> Hey, guys, we looked for the butterflies everywhere. 
>> But we never did find them. 
>> That's okay. Wefound 'em. 
>> Where? 
>> Well, you take a left at the gate, head down the sidewalk, and don't stop till you get to mexico. 
>> It's a long story, mis amigos. Come on, I'll tell you all about it. 
>> Okay, bye-bye. Aren't you going with them, baby bop? 
>> Maybe later. 
>> Are you still feeling sad about monty? 
>> Oh, a little. 
>> Even though you're far apart, you two will always have a special friendship. 
>> It's the same with fernan and amorita. They'll always be our friends. We can count on that. 
>> And you can always count on us to be your friends. 
[giggles] Yes, you can. ?????? You can count on me ?????? ?????? I'll always be around ?????? 

[00:23:09]


>> ?????? I will cheer you up ?????? ?????? when you're feeling down ?????? 
>> ?????? I like you, you like me ?????? ?????? we have fun together ?????? 
>> ?????? when it's sunny ?????? 
>> ?????? when it rains ?????? 
all: ?????? IN ANY KIND OF, In any kind of ?????? ?????? in any kind of weather ?????? 
>> oh, whoa! Yes, you can, baby bop. ?????? ?????? ?????? you can count on me ?????? ?????? because I am your friend ?????? 
>> ?????? we make a happy team ?????? ?????? together to the end ?????? 
all: ?????? YOU CAN COUNT ON ME ?????? ?????? Because I am your friend ?????? ?????? we make a happy team ?????? ?????? together to the end ?????? ?????? you can count on me ?????? 
>> yo! 
>> [giggles] 
>> Maybe when winter is over and monty flies back this way, he'll stop by the park again. 
>> Oh! 
>> And you two can have another whole summer together. 
>> Oh, thank you, emma, and thank you, barney, for making me feel better. 
>> Monty is home with the friends and family he loves. And you are here with the ones who love you. 
>> Yeah. 
[giggles] 
>> ?????? I love you ?????? ?????? you love me ?????? ?????? we're a happy family ?????? ?????? with a great big hug ?????? ?????? and a kiss from me to you ?????? ?????? won't you say you love me too? ?????? 
>> [giggles] 
all: ?????? I LOVE YOU ?????? ?????? You love me ?????? ?????? we're best friends like friends should be ?????? ?????? with a great big hug ?????? ?????? and a kiss from me to you ?????? ?????? won't you say you love me too? ?????? 

[00:25:23]


>> I do love you. 
>> Oh. 
[giggles] 
>> Te amo,barney. 
>> Oh, te amo,emma. 
>> Te amo,barney. 
>> Oh, te amo. 
>> Bye, barney. See you later. 
>> Okay, I'll see you later. Bye-bye, now. I'll see you soon. 
[festive music] ?????? ?????? today the travel book took us to mexico, where they were having a big party. We saw some bea-utiful butterflies too. This is called a monarch butterfly. Its wings are orange and black with white spots. Some monarchs spend the winter in mexico, where it's nice and warm. I hope you had fun. Adios, mis amigos. Good-bye, my friends. For more games, music, stories, and fun, visit me, barney, at: 
>> Here's some hello, there. Hi, everyone! What are you guys doing? We're looking at our fingerprints. Your fingerprints are pretty small. Here. Try using this magnifying glass. Whoa! Look at all those squiggly lines. My fingers look big. Right! Magnify means to make things look bigger-- mas grande. What else is tiny that you could make look bigger by seeing it through a magnifying glass? Thse marbles look like big, bouncy balls. What about stars? Well, stars are a little too far away, and magnifying glasses work on things that are close by. Can we do it on little, tiny ants? Excelente! You can use a magnifying glass to look at insects, or leaves, or even words in a book. For more, ask an adult to find sid the science kis magnification observation at pbsparents.Org. 

[00:28:05]


>> Barney & friends was made possible by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. 
>> Pbs kids. 
Narrator: Strange being from the planet lexi??????o,ir?????? Toy:M. "LIKE." Irl's word power? Ll of yourself. With skill and ease, like so-- aren't you two salami slayer! Hamburger hammer! ??????Rothpletexon tcou vlas,he s ces?????? ! about to meet your clifford is funded in part by... 
>> ?????? I'm a whirlibird... 
>> Chuck E. Cheese's, proud supporter of PBS Kids, solutes all the parents who kn active with their kids is fun 

﻿Title: BBC World News America
Description: U.S.-targeted nightly newscast.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/1/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> This is "bbc world news amera." Funding for this presentation is made possible by the freeman foundation of new york, stowe, vermont, and honolulu, newman's own foundation, and union bank. 
>> At union bank, our relationship managers use their expertise in global finance to guide you through the business strategies and opportunities of international commerce. We put our extended global network to work for a wide range of companies, from small businesses to major corporations. What can we do for you? 
>> And now, "bbc world news america." 
>> This is "bbc world news america." Just 14 days to go. The presidential debates are over. Now it is a campaign blitz to bring in the votes on election day. Amidst growing evidence of sexual abuse in its studios by one of britain's most celebrated stars, the bbc is under pressure on many fronts. 
>> This is a grave and serious matter, and one cannot look back on it with anything other than horror, frankly. 
>> And tonight, we remember the oldest survivor from that turning point in world war ii. Welcome to our viewers on public television in america and also around the globe. With just two weeks to go until election day, both u.S. Presidential candidates are canvassing the country's swing states, hoping to seal the deal. After monday's 90-minute debate on foreign policy, now it is the final stretch. From florida, the bbc's north america editors starts our coverage. 

[00:02:22]


>> Behind the smiles and tears is a new nervousness -- behind the smiles and cheers. Make no mistake, this is a president under pressure. About time, some might say. Derided for having no vision of the future, he suddenly produced a color brochure pact with old ideas. He mocked mi romney for a new found moderation. He has coined a new word for anything about awkwardly conservative plans. 
>> If you say that you love american cars during a debate, but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you might have romneysia. 
>> Mitt romney did seem to forget his foreign policy, clinging close to the president's positions, stressing piece was his priority even when talking about one of president obama's greatest achievements. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda, but we cannot kill our way out of this mess. 
>> There was a further shift in tone -- he said sanctions against iran were working and he suggested -- he no longer suggested trips might be staying in afghanistan. 
>> We will make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> President obama repeatedly ripped him, determined to expose the distance between them. 
>> Nothing governor romney has said is true. Governor romney has taken a different approach throughout his campaign. The disagreement I have with governor romney is -- 
>> he painted mitt romney as now you, mocki his claim that the u.S. Navy had fewer ships than a century ago -- he painted mitt romney as maive. 
-- Naive. 
>> We have ships or planes can land on them called aircraft carriers. We have ships that go under water. 

[00:04:23]


>> Mitt romney came to prove he would be moderate mitt, not a warmonger in the white house. Clearing up the mess for the obama campaign is far trickier. The first debate defeat for him really mattered and changed the nature of the race. They are now into the homestretch. America votes in two weeks' time. 
>> For more on the topics addressed in last night's debate, I spoke a brief time ago with the foreign affairs columnist for the "washington post." Did you see any major differences between the candidates on foreign policy? 
>> There were very few. What was striking was how sharply mitt romney tacked toward the center, even compared with his foreign-policy address of two weeks ago. I thought the major point of difference was on military spending. Romney made a point of saying that he would spend more, restore cuts that obama is proposing. Obama was insisting that the cuts were appropriate and that there is a need to make room for new weapons systems. I thought there was a little bit of difference in the way they talked about russia. Obama tried to catch mitt romney in his statement that russia is our biggest adversary. I think that mitt romney backed off of that. 
>> But no substantial difference otherwise. You noted afterwards that the debate revealed more about country than it did about candidates. Can you elaborate? 
>> What was striking was that these candidates -- well- coached, obviously having all of the public opinion polling information -- understood that they were speaking to a country that is really tired of war. Each of them -- most strikingly romney, who has had a more bellicose tone sometimes -- were saying, "no more afghanistan. No more iraq." They talked about not committing u.S. Troops. Irani has talked about being more aggressive in dealing with the iran nuclear program -- mitt romney has talked about being more aggressive in dealing with the iran nuclear program. 

[00:06:31]


>> Did you sense any distance between the candidates on syria? 
>> Not last night. Romney as recently as two weeks ago laid out a quite aggressive plan for providing weapons to the syrian opposition -- at least he said that, but quite tepidly st night. Frankly, obama foreign policy has been on hold for the last several months. They have ideas for what to do in syria, but they are waiting until after the election, so we did not hear much that would be useful in understanding where this is going. 
>> Do you think this debate will have changed any minds in those swing states? 
>> I thought that I heard mitt romney was in these non- bellicose statements trying to appeal to women voters, who are a key constituency if he will carry those swing states. He has got to pick up the percentage of women voters. I thought I heard that. 
>> Is there a sense that those women are fed up with war? 
>> Pollsters tell you that women do not like the strident tone. I think the country as a whole is fed up with war, but certainly women voters, and the other thing you know is in this instance we have to spend more on the military, that is a direct appeal to voters in virginia where military spending is a big part of local economy. 
>> And a big swing state. David, thanks very much for joining us rising tensions in the middle east will be an issue for whoever wins the keys to the white house. Following a car bombing in lebanon last week, the army has been deployed on the streets of beirut and tripoli to stop the deadly violence which followed the blast appeared from lebanon, the bbc's middle east editor reports -- which followed the blast. From lebanon, the bbc's middle east editor reports. 
>> It was a violent flash point before the assassination, and after it, the guns came out again. It is an all-lebanese class in tripoli between gunmen who blame syria's regime for the assassination and president assad supporters. The fighting is also a barometer of the political and religious rivalry that is shaping a new era of politics -- that is shaping new arab politics. 

[00:09:04]


>> I think it is one of the most dangerous momts since the independence in 1940. The most important type of security in lebanon was assassinated in the middle of beirut. What more danger do you want? 
>> The army was deployed on the street here in tripoli and across the country. Entrusted by the people, they are calming things, but roadblocks on the type of resolution. 11 on's leaders have always found a way to restore a certain kind of quiet -- 11 on -- lebanon's leaders. What makes it different this time is! That syria is a short drive from here and full of uncertainty. People often do not know what will happen next month, let alone next year. In the offices of one of the most powerful sunni politicians in tripoli, the message is stark 
-- the assad regime is the enemy. 
>> Tripoli is targeted because it is supporting syrian rebels, and the syrian regime wants to create tension haircut -- here. 
>> In beirut, this retail district should get -- should be full of late-night shoppers, getting ready for the holiday, but troops are out in step -- out instead, partly because the lebanese are split for and against the syrian regime. The message here is, "do not make matters wors," but with syria's trouble much closer, it is not clear how that can be done. 

[00:11:04]


>> In other news from around the world, the emir of qatar has made a historic public visit to gaza to openly support hamas after it broke ties with the syrian government. He is the main backer for the free syrian army, providing large amounts of money and military hardware. It is the first for the palestinian territory -- the rst visit for the palestinian territory by a head of state. The head of the topaster body has resigned in italy, charged with underestimating the risk of a 2009 earthquake. The ruling has shocked the international scientific community. Many claim they need to be able to share their findings without the fear of being held criminally responsible should their predictions not hold up. Police in taiwan say a patient has confessed to starting a fire that killed 12 people and injured more than 60 at a hospital. Rescue workers battled to save the most elderly residents. Most victims died from inhaling smoke. They were unable to walk and could not escape. The director-general of the bbc face a grilling from british politicians today over the sex abuse scandal involving jimmy savile, a once popular presenter of a children's television program aired on the bbc. For moren two hours of questioning, george and whistle admitted that the corporations' reputation had been called into question -- george entwistle admitted that the corporation's reputation had been called into question. Van in front of a special session of the culture committee of the house of commons, george entwistle admitted the scandal posed serious questions about trust. 
>> This is a gravely serious matter and one cannot look at it with anything other than horror, frankly, that these activities went on as long as they did. 

[00:13:05]


>> Mp's wanted to know about the savile years, the decades in which one of the bbc pau's star presenters was able to abuse young girls without challenge 
-- bbc's start presenters was able to abuse young girls without challenge. Then has the bbc taken any steps to identify who else was involved -- >> has the bbc taken any steps to identify who else was involved? 
>> It is something we are putting our disposals in. A pedophile ring would be a matter for a police investigation. 
>> The scandal exposed what entwistle called the disgusting activities of jimmy savile and serious problems involving other bbc stars. On allegainvolve current stars or contributors and in some cases have been passed to police. 
>> The main allegation we're looking at in a moment -- and this is historical -- I would have thought between eight and 10. 
>> These are individual cases? 
>> Individuals. 
>> The bbc's director general says he looked back at horror as evidence has emerged of the cultural practices which allowed a predatory pedophile to sexually abuse children on bbc premises as well as the criminal activities of individuals like jimmy savile. George entwistle alstalked about the cultural of sexual hassment and says while things have improved, he is bringing in a new adviser to ensure that women at the bbc are treated appropriately. There are questions today about why tributes to jimmy savile even after "bbc newsnight" had launched an investigation into the sta. George entwistle was warned but did not ask whether the investigation was about -- what the investigation was about. 

[00:15:17]


>> You were told the bbc was looking into one of its most iconic figures, who you were about to pay tribute to, and you did not want to know? 
>> I did not want to know. What was in my mind was determination not to show an undue interest. 
>> You did not even want to know what it was about? 
>> I have no recollection of asking what it was about. 
>> The investigation was never broadcast, leading to accusations of a cover-up. Members of the production team were interviewed about what happened. 
>> Do you accept that the decision to drop the investigation was a catastrophic mistake? 
>> I came away from the panorama firmly of the view that that investigation should have been allowed to continue. 
>> Mr. Entwistles and inspired further questions about whether the editor had been leaned on 
-- mr. Entwistle's response inspired further questions. 
>> I genuinely do not know what he meant. 
>> In a new development tonight, e-mails from the journalists who investigated jimmy savile suggested were the reasons our editor pulled the report was because the girls were teenagers, not too young, and there were not the worst kind of sexual offenses. He insists he dropped the investigation for editorial reasons. For almost two hours, the head of the bbc faced intense and almost -- sometimes almost hostile grilling. George entwistle left parliament knowing the scandal is still producing shocking and damaging revelations with each day that passes. 
>> You are watching "bbc world news america." Still to come on tonight's program, the tabloid wars heat up. Apple rolls out the ipad mini hoping for a bigger slice of the market. The world's premier the james -- for the new james bond adventure has taken place in london. The bbc caught up with 007. 

[00:17:40]


>> Daniel craig, how much of an honor is it for this movie in particular to be given a royal welcome? 
>> It is always such a great thing, but I have never been to anything like this, and I have been to a few. The crowds are amazing. They have been out here for hours and hours, and it is very fitting for this movie, I think. 
>> Is this a fitting movie to commemorate james bond's 50th anniversary? 
>> I hope so. It is not for me to judge. 
>> What is it like to be involved in something that has such history? Does it put more pressure on you? 
>> Of course it does, but it is a real honor to have the chance to make a movie in its 50th year. 
>> Of course, this is a more personal movie for bond, isn't it? 
>> It is. Will -- we have a good story. I do not want to give it away, but yes. It was a lot of fun. I said the other day, just to play a small part in the opening ceremony was an honor. 
>> What does it mean for bonds to get that kind of world recognition -- what does it mean for bond? 
>> It is such an amazing event. It is the cherry on the cake. 
>> What does it mean for you to be involved? Crowds have been waiting for you, huge cheers, such justification for a bond -- such expectation for a bond movie. Daniel craig, thank you very much. 
>> And perhaps the worst kept secret in the tech world, today apple unveiled the long awaited ipad mini. As its name suggests, it is a smaller version of the popular apple tablet with discreet about 2/3 the size of the original, but at a pricey $329, has apple done enough to cement its dominance of the tablet market? Thanks very much for being with us. 

[00:19:58]


>> Absolutely. 
>> It is small. It is very snazzy, but has apple done enough to fend off competitors in the tablet market? 
>> It is tough for apple because there are plenty of competitors out there that are offering a great tablet at around $199. That is a pretty big leap up to $329, so apple has its work cut out for them. 
>> How important is this tablet marke? 
>> There's a lot of focus right there. Microsoft is putting a lot of focus on touch screen computers and tablets. The big focus for google -- they just came out with their nexus 7 tablet. There are rumors next week we will hear about another tablets from google. The market is still volatile enough that we cannot declare a winner yet. 
>> Computers let my one here in the studio -- are they all but obsolete? 
>> I do not think so. Part of the announcement today was apple's imac computer, a product that had not been refreshed for some time now. They have come up with an attractive design. I think the case could be made that this is still the centerpiece of most homes, a place to store your photos, your important documents, and it is still relevant. 
>> Apple has kept its prices high with this latest device. Is that a gamble? 
>> I think it is a gamble. Apple is not a company that likes to sell things on the idea that they are inexpensive. They are a premium brand, and they sell a lot of products that sell well in spite of higher prices, so I do not think they are ready to go to the mat yet on pricing. 
>> After the death of steve jobs, is apple still out to prove its dominance? 
>> Yes. I am sure tim cook has a lot of pressure on him right now to prove that he can unveil a new product like this I had mini -- ipad mini and be able to pull it off. Steve jobs was a great salesman. There's a lot of talk about whether or not steve -- whether or not tim cook did a good job. 

[00:22:10]


>> As devices get smaller and smaller, is it not harder to make money from advertising because there is less screen space? 
>> Apple still makes a hefty chunk of money off of hardware sales. It goes to the not really competing on price, and they also make a hefty chunk of money on software. They get a percentage of every atp sold, every movie, every song download -- every atp sold 
-- every app sold. A lot of competitors are selling hardware at a loss trying to make up the money on the software and the apps you are buying from them. 
>> Thank you for joining us. In one more note from the tech world, facebook released third- quarter results, saying revenue has risen to 1.2 -- $1.26 billion. The social net or's numbers rose, slightly above market expectations. 
-- The social network's numbers rose. Shares in the company had fallen some 50% since trading started on the stock market. It was seen as a major turning point in world war ii -- the battle of britain when british fighter pilots resisted hitler's air force. This week, the oldest surviving pilot from the battle died at the age of 99. He was shot down in 1940 with a bullet in his ankle. He went on to write poetry in memory of his fallen comrades. Daniel savage reports. 
>> The summer of 1940, pilots take off to engage german fighter planes over the skies of southern england. The battle of britain was a turning point in the war. Outnumbered ref pilots won, preventing germany from invading britain. This young pilot, lt. William walker, survived and died this week, at age 99. He was the oldest surviving battle of britain pilot. 

[00:24:20]


>> It was a beautiful day to fly. I was never let down. 
>> They preserved some of the aircraft of the era. The commanding officer here visited william walker on his 99th birthday. 
>> They came straight after school. Their bravery was just phenomenal. And they knew the odds of them surviving were very, very low, and yet, time after time, day after day, they got back in the aircraft and threw themselves back as the enemy. 
>> William walker flew one of these, and what he and his fellow pilots achieved was extraordinary. During the battle of britain, they frugally were involved in air to air combat, pulling such tight twists and turns that they nearly blacked out because of the force of gravity pushing against their bodies. 
>> Behind each name, a story lies of bravery in southern skies. 
>> William walker wrote poetry about the battle of britain to help younger generations member what happened. Many expressed their gratitude to him. He was one of whom churchill described as the few to which so many owed so much. 
>> Remembering the best of the best. That brings today's program to a close, but remember, you can find constant updates on our website. Please join us again trow. 
>> Make sense of international news at bbc.Com/news. 
>> Funding for this presentation was made possible by the freeman foundation of new york, stowe, vermont, and honolulu, newman's own foundation, and union bank. 

[00:26:28]


>> At union bank, our relationship managers use their expertise in global finance to guide you through the business strategies and opportunities of international commerce. We put our extended global network to work for a wide range of companies, from small businesses to major corporations. What can we do for you? 
>> "Bbc world news america decisions jfk... 

[00:29:43]


Man: Kennedy's head is in a vise. Khrushchev... 
Woman: Khrushchev was now feeling very vulnerable. And castro... 
Man: Castro is getting angrier and angrier. Pushed the world to the brink of nuclear war 

﻿Title: Ben and Kate - Emergency Kit
Description: Kate wants Ben to be prepared for potential emergencies; Ben's crazy ex visits; B.J. starts developing feelings for her boss.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 8:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

I... own here. Yeah, you do. You do something different with your hair? Slept on it. What happened to yours? (chuckles) I like that. You know why men go bald, don't you? Excess of testosterone. My hair didn't stand a chance. And I'm surprised you have eyebrows. Oh, I've got them, all right. All over the place. Are you kidding? He's Buddy, and he's married. And, also, he's our boss. And, also, he's Buddy-- ew! His divorce finally went through. So? He's asked me out tonight. No. Shh-shh. ("Cherry Pie" by Warrant playing) (sighs) I played this song. So what? 
??? She's my cherry pie    Cl drink of wat such a sweet surprise     Tastes so good, make a grown man cry     Sweet cherry pie, yeah!   No. No. Ow.   Wake up     Look around     There's a feeling today     Fall down     Get up again     Get in the game     Hey, hey, hey     We're all here anyway.    ??????
Only nine short weeks, and my Rocksumo knives have arrived. I'm gonna be able to cut through so much stuff. Ooh. Check this out. This came for you. Pretty fancy paper stock, huh? Rocksumo! "Tyler Swanson turns six." Not really grabbing me with that headline. Bouncy house! Nice save, Tyler Swanson! I hate bouncy houses. What? They're scary. What?! Mom said they cause more than 3,000 injuries per year. If we didn't do scary stuff, we'd miss out on some of the best things in lif Like, for example, using an Indonesian-made Japanese-style knife to cut through this VCR. 

[00:02:00]


Let's fact-check this infomercial, shall we? I don't know about this. (cell phone ringing) KATE: Hey, Ben. Ben: Okay, don't freak out. What did you do? Well, Maddie may or may not end up with, like, a small forehead scar. Are you there? I told you, she's fine. I'm sure she's not the first person to be nicked in the head by a flying rewind mechanism. I'm gonna get you a bandage. Why is this so light? Why is there so much stuff missing from my emergency kit? Why are you looking at me? Okay, and go! It was a lesson in physics, Kate. Ben, now that you're living with us-- and again, welcome to our home-- I need to know that you're gonna be prepared for emergencies like this. (cell phone ringing) Louise. Wow. (hushed): Louise? What?! Hang up the phone! Ben, hang up the phone! Listen, now's not a great time. Ben, she's crazy! Hang up the phone! Uh, 'cause my niece just cut her forehead and they may have to amputate. Yeah, so let's touch base if and when she pulls through. Okay? Bye! I thought you were done with Louise. I am. But I may have kind of hooked up with her a little bit. Oh, dude, you relapsed? With your crazy ex-girlfriend? Kate, a man has needs. I need to know that you're not gonna be distracted by this. I need to know that you can handle anything. Like what? Choking, second 9/11, sudden swelling of the tongue. That's easy. Same answer for all of them: I'd rely on my instincts, and for everything else, duct tape. Kate: I don't know. Maybe I'm just overreacting. Oh, you are under reacting. If Louise is back in the picture, his judgment has already been compromised. I know! Oh, my God, that's what I'm saying. They're bad together, Kate, like orange juice and peppermints. Exactly. And I can't have that around Maddie. I wish I could just, like, ask you to go over there and check it out and make sure everything's all right. Whoa. Okay, I cannot spy on Ben for you. That crosses so many lines for me. I know. That's why I would never ask you. That would be wrong... to do that for me. So wrong. I mean... to do it for you would be betrayal. 

[00:04:03]


I know. But if I did it for me... Well, that would be a completely different thing. It would be almost heroic. Tommy, that would be super heroic. Are you watching? This part's important. Okay, in the event of attack, always head for higher ground. MADDIE: Mom's scared of zombies. I know. That's why it's insane that she thinks she's more prepared than I am. Plus, she's a blonde, so if zombies ever did attack, you know she'd get eaten in the first five minutes, anyway. Right? Totally. (doorbell rings) What if it's a zombie? That's why you always look before you open the... Oh! (laughs) Hey. Hey. Hi! Louise. Oh... mmm... Okay. Hello, Benjamin. (both chuckle) Oh... Now is not a great time. Yeah, I'm babysitting my niece, and I'm 100% focused on her, so... You look really good. Oh, thanks. (chuckles) I've been kind of working out a little bit. I can tell. Yeah. I've been eating these Chia seeds, too. They help make me super lean. They're working. Thank you. I feel, I feel really... What am I doing? Look, I promised Kate that I would be focused on Maddie tonight. That's fine. I understand. I just came to get my sweatshirt. Oh. Uh, yeah, sure. You can just go around back and get it. Okay. So... I'll just grab the sweatshirt. Yeah, so maybe just grab it and take off quick. All by myself. And I'll see you later! Hey, guys, I just stopped by to grab my racket before I head into work. But I might as well eat this granola bar that I have in my pocket. Dude, why are you acting so weird? Wait. Oh, no. "Made in a facility that processes..." Tommy, no. (coughing) No. Uh, we knew this day would come. Maddie, Tommy has a severe peanut allergy, and he's gonna be in real trouble if we don't, um, um... Wait, what do we do? What do we do again? I'm call 911. 

[00:06:03]


Hold on, buddy. You're gonna be fine, okay? You know, I-I can't lie to you. I don't feel like my performance was up to par. Started off so big, so I had nowhere to really go. Kate put me up to it. There's no peanuts in this. What? She didn't believe that you can use your instinct really help you in an emergency, Ben. Unbelievable! I can't believe she doesn't trust me! Hey. I just installed a web-cam. Guess where. Not in your shower. That'd be weird. 

[00:08:04]


hours and it only feels like four. It feels like four tops. This yr, we're finally getting everything... ...That we didn't get last year. Yeah. Big screen! True 4g. Yup. Sfx: Bing! Hey, what did you just do? I just sent him a playlist. By touching phones? Yup, simple as that. It's the galaxy s3. I'll see you at the studio later. Later. When do you think we're going to be able to... Do that thing? On the next one? Vo: The next big thing is already here. The samsung galaxy s3. Uh, okay, this is not what it looks like. I know a lot of people say that, but in some cases, like, statistically, it has to be true. Where are your pants? In the car, in case I have to go someplace fancy. Hey, Tommy. Hey, Louise. You guys, the Three Musketeers are back together. Oh, I wish we had swords. Okay, you need to go home. Do you guys want to go in on a ski cabin this year? Okay, bye! Okay, that was unfortunate and completely not my fault. So there's no reason to tell Kate she was here, right? Come on! I swear I didn't know she'd show up, okay? I can't help it! I'm adorable! Fine. I won't tell her, but I hate being in the middle of you guys. I get it. I completely understand. That's why I'm not gonna ask for your help in trying to teach Kate a lesson about being prepared for emergencies. Yeah, because you asking me to help with that would be wrong. It'd be so wrong. But... if I wanted to help you, that would be different. Yeah... I guess that would be different. I-I'd kind of be, like, a hero. 

[00:10:05]


You'd be kind of, like... a superhero. Let's do this. What do you want me to do? (Ben and Tommy scream) I want you to go home! What are you doing here? Where's Maddie? She's with your double agent Tommy. So you don't trust me? I don't know. How's Louise? I don't know how Louise is. Unless you've talked to Tommy, in which case, she's fine. When are you gonna give her a break? She's not that bad. She's nuts. She's unpredictable. I don't want her around Maddie. Ben, Maddie's like my heart. Walking around in the world, outside my body. That doesn't even make sense, Kate. 'Cause, I mean, you'd die instantly. Having your heart... Exactly, Ben. When icomes to her, there's no such thing as being too careful. I love Maddie, too. I would never want anything to happen to her. But you can't prepare for everything. So you're saying that I should just throw away the emergency kit and never give her a flu shot? Flu shot? I eat 15 organic blackberries a day. Do the math; I'm immortal. What do you think? Is it too long? I can make it shorter. What do you think? You like like him. What? You've never asked me that question before. Because most of the time, I don't care what you think. Obviously, this dress is a showstopper. Don't you-- do you think? Obviously. Exactly! Okay, listen, I think that maybe since you like like Buddy, maybe you shouldn't sleep with him tonight. 'Cause then that's all it'll ever be. Interesting argument. Quick counterpoint: I'm extraordinarily good at sex and I like it. A lot. Fine. I'll give it a-- But I'm not-- no promises. (whispers): Maddie, I want you to get up, but I hate being woken up suddenly. So, first, I'm gonna whisper, (louder): and then my voice is gonna gradually build in volume until I'm talking in a normal voice like this. And you are awake! Maddie, get up. What's wrong? Oh, nothing. You know how your mom thinks she's prepared for everything? 

[00:12:06]


She said you would ask me that. Yeah, well, tonight, I'm gonna teach her a lesson about all of that. So if you hear or see anything weird, nothing scary is happening, okay? Okay. Sleep well. BUDDY: So you want to head out and get some dinner? You want to try the Marrakech Grill? Yeah, I can't go there. They think I'm Stanley Finkelstein. Who? Yeah. He's a high-level inspector at the Department of Health. He does surprise inspections, then he turns a blind eye for a comped meal. Seriously? Yeah. I don't go to a restaurant without bringing this. Little shard of glass in the breadbasket, huh? It's really sharp. This'll set you up all night. Uh-huh. (glass rattling) Wait a minute, you-you found a screw in your hamburger here. Was that...? But why? What's the angle? You work here, you eat for free. I know. I just... I guess it was for fun. F-Fun? Yeah. You're incredible. I know. I've never met an Australian woman like you. Yeah? That's great. What do you say we get out of here, huh? Mm-hmm. Go put some glass in our food. I'd love to. Emergency, emergency! Wake up, wake up! What? What? What happened? Everything. This is the mother of all emergency drills. The power is out, the cell phones don't work. I even had to board up the windows to keep them from getting at us. Is that real wood? Yeah. You know that house that's foreclosed down the street? I just popped off all the siding and just put it up on the windows. This is a rental house. Whatever. You may or may not get your security deposit back. But that's for another time. Who is "them"? Kate, they're coming to get us. Oh, you're proving a point. Yeah. That you can't be prepared for everything. Admit that and we can all go back to bed. Well, what if I pass this test, Ben? Kate... What then? Then will you take this stuff more seriously? Will you maybe do some actual emergency drills with me? I will do you one better: I will become an ENT. An ear, nose and throat doctor? Yeah. 

[00:14:06]


No. EMT. You know what I mean. Are you in? I'm so in, I'm back out again. I just meant I'm in. couple Miles For their "destination wedding." Double miles you can "actually" use. But with those single mile travel cards... [ Bridesmaid ] BLACKED OUT... BUT I'M A BRIDESMAID. Oh! "X" marks the spot she'll never sit. But I bought a dress! A toast... ...TO THE Capital One Venture Card. Fly any airline, any flight, anytime. Double miles you can actually use. What a coincidence? What's in your wallet? [ all screaming ] Watch the elbows ladies. Go! garden. Go for fresh tossed, fresh baked, and homemade. Dip into new chicken & potato florentine you know you want to. Go lunch on unlimited soup salad, and breadsticks for only $6.95 when you go olive garden. 
                

[00:16:09]


 ??????
[ Male Announcer ] COMBINE THE PNC CASHBUILDER Visa credit card with a qualifying pnc performance select checking account and earn 75% more than cards earning 1% cash back on almost everything. Kate? We're in the middle of a living nightmare, and your first move is to come to the kitchen? Uh-oh. Where did those candles go? Maybe they got obliterated when the sun melted. I got these babies stashed all over the house. Whatever. What are you gonna do for food? Just a little bit of this. 

[00:18:12]


Baked, black or pinto? Secret beans. Okay, whatever. Did not see that coming. But nobody remembers to bring the can opener-- damn it! I'm gonna go do a load of whites in the toilet tank. Clean and dry socks prevent gangrene, Ben. Okay, that's the least of your worries. What if some crazy, contagious person stumbles in and infects all of us? Hey, Tommy. Hey. Tommy, you were supposed to come in through the window. I was going to, Ben, but then I realized that me climbing through the window at night, that's like a one-way ticket to a candlelight vigil that turns into a riot. Well, I got particulate respirator masks for everybody. One of those was for you. That seemed unnecessary. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay, look, Ben, seeing as I'm gonna continue to ace all of these tests, could we at least please turn the power back on before all the food spoils? In a real emergency situation... I got you ice cream sandwiches; they're gonna melt. Feel like I've proven my point. We can get that power back on, probably, right? u can't unplug a circuit breaker, Ben. This handful of wires begs to differ. (whispers): Stupid. Son of a mother! Hello, Ben. How's the fake emergency going? You need to go home, okay? I mean... You look fantastic. Look at those stems. Thank you so much. Why are you not wearing pants? Want to come and see? Yeah, we could probably-- No! KATE (in distance): Ben, what's happening? Can you fix the circuit breaker? Uh, no! Don't come back here! There's a raccoon! He's gotten into the wiring and he's really big! You need to stay here, okay? I will get you out of here when I can. Ben, I want to help out with the drill. Maybe I can go in the house and break some glass, and we can see if Kate has emergency shoes. Don't break anything. I won't. I promise. Maybe just one thing. What? I said, "I love you, Ben." (quietly): Damn it. Dude, Weesu-Lay is still here. Who's Weesu-Lay? It's Louise. I was using pig Latin. No, 'cause then it would be Ouise-Lay. Weesu-Lay. Ouise-Lay. I checked on Maddie, and she's fine. Exactly! That's what I've been trying to tell everyone. There's nothing to worry about. 

[00:20:12]


I'm here now. Everybody can relax. I got everything under control. (crash in distance) What was that? That was the raccoon. Yeah. Probably best just to let him tire himself out. I'm on it. Why are we doing this? Kate, the point is, you're gonna make Maddie scared of everything. Someday, she's gonna head out into the world and she's gonna cut her head, and there's nothing you're gonna be able to do about it. But the best thing is to send her out there knowing that she's got a safety net. You don't understand what it feels like. You're not a parent. Yeah, I'm not a milkman either, but I ow how yogurt is made. No, you don't. Yeah, I do. How's yogurt made? Well, I don't know, like, what the procedure is I know there's acidophilus that is involved, you know. It has to do with cultures, Kate! Nobody ask me about tonight. I don't want to talk about it. Why is it so romantic in here? Because the power's out and all our food's going bad and we're being attacked by contagious zombies. BJ: So, anyway, it was on. As in, on. And we're on our way back to his house, and then I hear your stupid voice in my head telling me not to sleep with him. I panic and get him to drop me off here. This is good. This means that he'll just want you even more. It's a nightmare. (knocking on door) What? He wants me more now. No. Now in your house. No. Uh, my car broke down. Can I use your phone? Ah... power's out. Are you sure you didn't leave it in drive? That happened to me once. I was up in Modesto, and I was checking out this wind farm. And I, like, parked on a hill and... (whispers): My car didn't break down, dude! Okay? Now, which is the most soundproof room in this place? Because this guy is a screamer. Stanley Finkelstein. Surprise inspection. (whispers): Go ahead. Go ahead. Please stay away from my room. Mark it. I'm not peeing on my door, dude. (chuckles) Hey, there. 

[00:22:12]


Hey. Hi. So I used the old "my car broke down" gambit in order to sleep with you. I love that gambit. Mm-hmm. It is a classic. I am not going to sleep with you. Interesting play. Yeah, I don't even know why. I do not get it, at all. Me, neither. No, not for a second. But, uh, I like it. Yeah. Yeah? You do? Huh. I really thought I was gonna sleep with you. Yeah? Well, me, too. All right, I'm gonna go. Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. And, um... Yeah? Maybe next time, I should bring the shards of glass, huh? Maybe bring along a jar of dead bugs. Would you like that? I'd really like that. Yeah. love tracks with monster jumper. I think they're gonna love this, leapfrog leappad2 with games and apps. I say we flip a coin. You mean with your double-headed coin? You know you could put both those things on layaway and pay a little at a time. Awesome!! Awesome!! High-five? [ Mom ] MMM, YOU AND YOUR TRICK COIN... Shop now. Get the hottest toys on your list today, like leapfrog leappad2 and hot wheels wall tracks... Then put it on layaway so you have more time to pay. Walmart. 
    ooh, yeah, ooh-ooh, yeah       ooh, yeah, ooh-ooh, yeah       I love ya       ooh, yeah, ooh-ooh, yeah     ??????
[ Female Announcer ] INTRODUCING NEW Special K Popcorn Chips. With 28 buttery chips for 120 calories, you can bring the flavor of the movies home and still stay on track. Freedom to enjoy. What will you gain when you lose? Find them in the cracker aisle. doing? Alright, alright. Now this is a party. What is that? Go, go, go. Mmm. Give me some of that sauce. 

[00:24:19]


I don't know, I think I might bail. Yeah, it's pretty dead. [ Male Announcer ] ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH. New kfc dip'ems. Freshly prepared tenders dipped in irresistible sauces. This is it. Now this is a party. [ Male Announcer ] TRY A 3 PIECE COMBO FOR Just $5. Today tastes so good. (crash in distance) What was that? I don't know. I didn't do it. Maddie's asleep. What could it be? The raccoon. Ben... That's better. Louise: You're welcome! There's a party and I wasn't invited? What are you doing here? When did you become an electrician? God, you're so complicated. Eh, maybe just a little nuts and broke into our house. Of course I'm good with electricity. I'm an Aquarius. And I was a lesbian for two years. I remember that. Bj? Hi. Hi. What a blast from the past. You look amazing. Thank you. I've been doing stuff, just started Pilates, so... I kind of feel like I'm a bit strong-- got a bit leaner. It's wonderful to see you. Oh, Kate, I'm actually looking for a new bed, and your mattress is so comfortable. What is that? Pillow top? Memory foam? This is exactly what I'm talking about. Okay. I need to tell you something. Louise was the raccoon. I knew that she was the oon, Ben. (sighs): Ooh. That felt good to get off my shoulders. I'm sorry for keeping that from you. I promise you, I did not think it was an actual raccoon. Yes, maybe this wasn't the... you know, most efficient way to prove my point. 

[00:26:23]


I mean, should I have boarded up the doors, as well as the windows? Yes. Is this the worst emergency drill ever? Jury's still out. No, I think the jury's in. And it's unanimous. Nothing bad happened. You need to relax, okay? Everything is cool. I hate you. Uh, where's Maddie? I went to say good-bye to her, and she+s not there. What?! What?! Maddie! Maddie! Maddie! Maddie? (singsong): Maddie? Where is she, where is she, where is she?! Maddie, where are you? Maddie! BEN: Maddie! KATE: Maddie? Where is she?! Maddie? (ceiling creaks) You guys, I hear something. I think it's in the ceiling. All: Maddie? Where are you? (ceiling creaks) What is that sound? MADDIE: Mommy, I'm up here. I'm okay. Ben: Oh, thank God! Oh, my God. I was so worried about you. What are you doing up there, baby? I found the highest point in the house, so the zombies don't get me. But now I can't get down. I'm gonna get the ladder, okay? Tommy: Uh, Kate, you know how ladders are sometimes used to rescue people, like in this situation? Well, Ben and I broke the ladder. It's not that far. Ben and I will catch you, okay? I don't want to jump. Jumping causes 3,000 injuries per year. (laughs) Is that an impression of you? That is amazing. Maddie: I'm scared. We've never practiced this before. Kate: I know. And it's my fault that you think that way. But sometimes you're gonna have to do things that you're afraid of and you're not gonna be prepared, but that's okay. Wait, hold on. I mean, let's not knock being prepared. I am trying to talk her down right now, Ben. Look, baby, I get scared sometimes, and I don't feel brave at all. But when you have people around you who love you more than anything, you just have to trust that they're gonna be there to catch you, and you got to just jump, feet first. You don't literally mean feet first, though, 'cause I think that would be really hard to catch her. Yeah, what's the metaphor I'm looking for? Tommy: Look before you leap. No. You know, uh, uh, it's all downhill from here. No. Onrds and upwards. That would make her jump up. It's like you're flying up... Reach for the stars! It's the same thing. It's the same going-up motion. I don't know. Let her fall. Okay, just jump, baby. We got you. Come on. 

[00:28:23]


We love you. Come on, Maddie. We got you. We're not gonna let you fall. We're all here for you. Come on, baby. We love you. Okay, careful! No tricks, no flips, okay? I got you something. Bandages for your emergency kit. Ben, these are for getting rid of warts. It says "warts" in big letters right there, and there. Oh. Oh, boy. Oh, no, no. I-I asked her to come. (sighs, splutters) Hey, Louise. We need to talk. Those two are adorable. I mean... No. BJ: Look at that. I'm gonna disagree with you. What was that? What? What? It's just a good-bye kiss. How else am I supposed to get my message across? I get it. Tommy, are you holding keys? Do you want to buy Maddie's glass eye or should I? Want to come in? Yeah. B-By the way, sometimes bouncing makes me vomit. Just so you know. Hey. That's so cute. That's so cute. (air hissing) Okay, have fun. It's good seeing you. Kate: Okay. Okay. Okay, everybody out. (laughing, squealing) Okay, okay, don't panic. BEN: What's happening?! Maddie?! Captioning sponsored by 20th century fox television Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org 
??? Happy birthday, dude!   ??????
Hello. I made you a cake. Can't. Booked a car show for tomorrow, and I have been so good this week. I lost four pounds. Oh, come on, Cece. 

﻿Title: Caso Cerrado
Description: La abogada Ana Mar??a Polo intenta resolver los conflictos y las disputas entre las partes involucradas, los casos que son presentados ante ella son variados, en un escenario que hace las veces de juzgado.
Channel: 406 - TELE
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 4/14/2005
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

E are using are killing us. >> 

﻿Title: Caso Cerrado: Edici??n Estelar
Description: Las partes y testigos exponen sus problemas legales reales ante la abogada Ana Mar??a Polo, en un escenario que hace de juzgado. Luego de escuchar atenta y realizar preguntas, ella presenta el veredicto final que las partes deben de acatar.
Channel: 406 - TELE
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/29/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Callese el hocico, callese el hocico. >>Mira, aurelia, no m'aas no se te olvide que el tono de los fl floreros es m??s oscuro >>Si, y si le pongo m??s negro >>Andndale pues >>Aurelia, si te acuerdas de las cien piezas que tenemos que e entregar el fin de semana? >>Si ,estan listas. >>Mis cochinitos estan quedando bien bontos >>Que hchulos, ariche, le van a gustar mucho a lLuc??ana >>Y es tu trabajo, ariche, te lo vamos a pagar >>De veritas, de veritas >>Claro si usted ha estado t trabajando todo el tiempo. >>Si, casda uno te lo vamos ap ag p p pagar >>Y le voy a comprar unos aretes a mi mam?? >>Y pos donde los vio >>En el meMercado, sonchiquito negristos y sestan rebonitos >>Pues le van a gustar mucho >>Oiga, do??a magda, a usted le gustan los ratoncitos >>Claro que si >>Pues a usted tambi??n le voy a regalar unos, Y asted tambi??n >>Ay, valgame. >>Uy que hchulo quedaste, as?? vas a conseguir novia luego luego, mi vida. >>Ay, vaya. Al gran tenor marcelo lastrada se le ocurre despertar >>Y,a, deje esopor la paz, do??a chui. Ya, ya. >>Ahorita mismo a este ni??o lo llevo con las autoridades. >>Y lo pens'o bien, o no m??s lo quiere hacer por la cruda que trae >>Por una cosa u otra, ya lo d decidi, para que ando cargando c oncon vidas ajenas si no puedo con la mia >>Pien??nselo bien, no se vaya ar arrepentir. >>Como arrepentirme, no es mi responsabilidad. >>No ,pus en eso ientiene raz??n, la vida se lo puso0 por delante, usted no m??s lo recogio de la basura, pero responsabilidad no tiene >>Arue nace torcido, jamas su tronco endereza. Desde que empece con el vicio, no puedo parar. Para que me hago tarugo. Ya perdi la cuenta de las veces que intente dejarlo. >>Y as??, no m??s va a sufrir el ni??l y, y vboy a sufrir yo. >>Pos si, pero, pero si se cae, se levanta otra vez y lo vuelve a intentar. >>Demelo, este ni??o se va porque se va. >>Si quiere se lo regalo >>Usted sabe que no puedo, no puedo >>Ah?? esta, usted no puede y yo no queiero,ahorita lo va a ver 

[00:05:29]


>> Pero ya no lo va a ver, ya no lo va a ver, lo voy a llevar con las autoridades. 
>> No hay peor cosa, que la de sentirse rechazado! 
>> S??, s?? don Chelo, usted sabe que se van a llevar a Mateo a un orfanatorio, a un lugar donde terminan todos los rechazados, los no queridos. 
(Llanto de bebe). 
>> Como nosotros. Que no somos nadie para nadie. 
>> Ya mi amor, chiquito, chiquito. 
>> Te va a ir muy bien mam??. 
>> Ay mi amor, no creas, no creas hija, yo s??, me voy con todas las reservas. 
>> ??Pero por qu?? ma? 
>> ??Pues c??mo por qu??? Pues porque soy mayor que ??l, y todo lo que eso implica. 
>> Ay mam??, eso que importa, estas guap??sima. Ay, adem??s no pienses en eso, eh. T?? solo piensa en que te decidiste dar una oportunidad maravillosa. Disfr??tala, no lo analices tanto. Disfruta, sea un mes, una semana o un a??o, o para siempre. Por favor ma, disfr??tala y v??vela con todas tus anas. 
>> Luisa, que bonitas cosas me dices. 
>> Mam??, pues t?? me habr??as dicho lo mismo. 
>> Oye, ??Y, si mejor me quedo? 
>> No. 
>> Ay s??, qu?? miedo! 
>> No, te vas, te vas. 
>> Estoy feliz! 
>> No, te vas. Que ya el novio ahora se va. 
(Gritos). 
>> Ya, ahora s??, vamos. 

[00:07:44]


>> ??Qu?? necesitas ni??a? ??Ya est??s m??s tranquila? La visita del investigador te alter?? mucho. 
>> Ya notaste que cada d??a se hace m??s grande esta casa. Ahora son m??s grandes los pasos que debo dar para llegar de un lugar a otro. Escucha, el silencio es mi ??nico aliado, siempre lo he dicho y cuanto lo odio. Odio el silencio y la soledad. 
>> Deber??as hablarle a tu hermana, siempre se han llevado muy bien. Sal con ella, ni??a, salgan a pasear como antes. 
>> No me hables de esa mala agradecida, Matilde, mordi?? la mano que le dio de comer. 
>> Perd??name Roselena, pero no estoy de acuerdo contigo. Conny se fue, porque vio en el licenciado Oscar la oportunidad de rehacer su vida, en lugar de juzgarla deber??as alegrarte por ella. Se divorci?? cuando Aldo cumpli?? un a??o y desde entonces no hab??a tenido un compa??ero. 
>> No renunci?? al amor para dedicarse a sus hijos, no. 
>> Pero tampoco por ser una mala mujer, si eso es lo que quieres insinuar. Tu hermana se dedic?? a criar sola a sus dos hijos, y los sac?? adelante. 
>> De qu?? forma los sac?? adelante, sali?? por esa puerta sinti??ndose muy autosuficiente. Pero por esa puerta regresar?? avergonzada, despu??s de haber hecho el rid??culo con Oscar. 
>> O quiz??s, la felicidad no la deje regresar. 
>> Hoy veras Constanza, avergonzada y vencida t?? volver??s. 
(Llanto de bebe). 
>> Pi??nselo don Chelo, por fin encontr?? lo que so???? en el camino, si nosotros no somos nada ni nadie, usted puede ser un padre para Mateo, y Mateo, un hijo para usted. 

[00:09:52]


>> ??Qu?? clase de padre puedo ser yo para Mateo? El no se merece vivir en un viejo y oxidado vag??n de tren, al lado de un cantante de ??pera fracasado, sin voz, hundido en el alcohol. Mateo necesita un hogar, y yo no se lo puedo dar. 
>> No, no don Chelo, lo que Mateo necesita es amor, y amor es algo que usted puede dar. 
>> Mateo. 
>> La verdad muchacha es que les quedaron muy bien sus uniformes, ya no hay que hacerles ning??n arreglo. 
>> ??A no? 
>> Ya ve Estelita, se lo dije, si nos quedaron pintados. 
>> Muchas gracias por todo. Gracias a ustedes, mi sue??o se hace realidad. 
>> S??. 
>> Para m?? ha sido un gusto conocerte, no tienes nada que agradecer. Y bueno, mira, por algo pasan las cosas, yo estoy segur??sima que Dios quiso que ustedes se unieran para que pusi??ramos este negocio. 
(Risas). 
>> Muchachas, no saben la alegr??a que me da escucharlas hablar as??, verlas tan animadas. 
>> Eso! 
>> S??! 
>> Oigan, oigan, estamos muy emocionadas, pero, acu??rdense que tenemos muchas cosas que hacer en la cocina, porque hoy es, por fin, la inauguraci??n que tanto hemos esperado. 

[00:11:57]


>> S??. 
>> Bueno, vamos a apurarnos, vamos >> Oigan, unas copas aqu??. 
>> Aqu?? se las dejo, no. 
>> S??, y las botanas. 
>> Ay, Luciana! 
>> Luciana! 
>> Hola. 
>> Qu?? gusto amiga que nos vienes a visitar. 
>> Hola. 
>> Hola. 
>> Oye, s?? vas a ir al rato a la inauguraci??n, verdad. >> Eh, s??, s??, s??, de hecho venia a ver en que las pod??a yo ayudar. 
>> Pues, mira, algo hay de eso, hay muchas cosas que hacer, ??verdad? 
>> S??, s??, s??, claro Luciana, mira de hecho ya nos probamos los uniformes y ahorita vamos a preparar algunas botanas, no s?? si nos quieras ayudar. 
>> S??, s??, s??, claro que s??, a eso vine. 
>> Lo ??nico que va a hacer falta es la bendici??n. Fui a buscar al padrecito para que fuera a echarle agua bendita al negocio, pero no pudo. 
>> Ay no me diga Estelita, qu?? l??stima. Pero bueno, ni modo, nosotros le vamos a poner toda la fe y vamos a rezar mucho para que nos vaya bien. 
>> Bueno Estelita, a lo mejor yo puedo hacer algo. D??jeme ver si puedo, ??s??? 
>> S??, bueno. 
>> Muchas gracias. 
>> Br??gida, que te parece si te preparas un flan para ofrec??rselo a las visitas que lleguen. 
>> ??Un flan? 
>> S?? Br??gida. Es de mal gusto no ofrecerles nada. 
>> Est?? bien se??ora. 
>> Se??ora, disculpe, disculpe, pero la beb?? est?? muy inquieta, y de pronto hasta llora, entonces, yo quer??a avisarle a su mami. 
>> No, no, no, no, no, antes de avisarle a su mam??, d??game, ??Qu?? cree que le pueda pasar a la beb??? 
>> Bueno, yo creo que tal vez la f??rmula que est?? tomando no le ha ca??do bien y, por eso le quiero preguntar a la se??ora, a ver si, llevarla al pediatra o 
>> No, no, no, no, no, para nada, la se??ora est?? descansando, no la moleste. 
>> ??Entonces qu?? hago se??ora? 
>> Pues enc??rguese. 
>> Ay, pobre chiquita, y si llamas t?? al pediatra. 
>> ??Yo? Si yo que voy a estar habl??ndole al pediatra, usted obs??rvela ahora que le d?? su mamila, y si la ni??a sigue llorando a ver qu?? hacemos. 
>> Est?? bien se??ora. 
>> Gracias. 
>> Por nada. 
>> ??Puedo conocer a la peque??a? 
>> Ay, claro que s??, eso no lo tienes ni que preguntar. 

[00:13:59]


>> Bueno, entonces voy a verla. 
>> No, no, no, no, que te la traigan. Br??gida, por favor, puedes traer a la beb??. 
>> Enseguida se??ora. 
>> Gracias. 
>> Ha de estar hermosa, verdad. 
>> Ay s??, la verdad es que les qued?? divina. Pero yo prefiero ni cargarla, a mi me da como que asquito que me vomite. 
>> Ay, ??est??s loca? 
>> Ay, claro que no. 
>> Es una beb??. 
>> Ay, bueno, pero que quieres. Ay vela. 
>> ??Puedo? ??Qu?? pas?? mamita? ??Por qu?? lloras beb??? Est??s hermosa. 
(Tel??fono) >> Br??gida, me pasas el tel??fono. 
>> S?? se??ora. 
>> Gracias. 
>> S??, diga. Ah, Rodrigo, ??C??mo est??s? Gala est?? dormida. ??Vienes a comer? Perfecto, yo le digo, aqu?? te esperamos. 
>> Ahora vengo, te encargo a la beb??. 
>> S??, yo te la cuido, eh. 
>> Cuidado, no te vaya a vomitar, tiene c??licos. 
>> Ay. Ay beb??, estas hermosa, pero no llores mamita, a ver, cu??ntame. 
>> Acaba de llamar Rodrigo, le dije que estabas dormida. Solo quer??a avisarte que viene a comer. 
>> Y te dijo a qu?? hora llegaba. 
>> No, pero supongo que va a llegar a la hora de la comida. 
>> Ay??dame a arreglar. 
>> S??. 
>> Rodrigo, me dijo Julie que hab??as llamado. 
>> S?? Gala, voy a comer all??, c??mo est?? mi ni??a. 
>> Bien, la tengo aqu?? bien dormidita. Ay, es que la verdad me he sentido mucho mejor y la quiero tener aqu?? conmigo todo el tiempo. Aqu?? te veo. Vamos a aprovechar que el se??or de la casa viene a comer. Ah?? no, eso est?? horrible. Elia, necesito que me mandes a Cristian, quiero que venga a tomar las fotos para la portada de la pr??xima revista. Hoy mismo. Pues dile a Cristian que cancele, que se venga para ac??. Aqu?? los espero con todo el equipo. A ver Julie ay??dame. 

[00:16:21]


>> A ver, despacito. Pero qu?? necesidad tienes que te tomen las fotos ahora, todav??a no te recuperas, esp??rate. 
>> No me voy a esperar. 
>> Bueno, despacio. P??same el maquillaje. 
>> S??. 
>> Y por favor, el cepillo del cabello. 
>> Ok, ahora voy. Y la ni??a. 
>> ??Cu??l ni??a? 
>> ??C??mo que cu??l ni??a? Tu hija Gala. 
>> Eh, la beb??, la que est?? en la rec??mara de al lado. 
>> Te la traigo. 
>> No, no, no, para qu??. 
>> A ver, al menos que Rodrigo te vea un rato con tu hija, Gala. 
>> Est?? bien, pero primero me ayudas a arreglarme. Mira, ya cuando est?? a punto de lle Rodrigo, me traes a la escuincla. 
>> No dudes que tu suegra tambi??n venga a ver a su nieta. 
>> Ay, qu?? horror. 
>> Entonces se sinti?? frustrada. 
>> Frustrada no, me sent?? enga??ada, timada. Ese detective es un inepto, es un vendido. 
>> Pero si usted misma vio las pruebas, las fotograf??as que le mostr?? el investigador. Por qu?? insiste en que su esposo le es infiel. 
>> Todos sabemos, que las apariencias enga??an doctora. No todo es lo que parece, si queremos descubrir la verdad, debemos buscarla, y yo la voy a descubrir. ??????. ??????. ??? Llegas, se acab?? una larga espera ???. ??? Este invierno es primavera porque llegas, y me abrigo en ti ???. ??? Llegas, cuando no cre??a en nada ???. ??? Como luz de madrugada es cuando llegas, y me refugio en ti ???. ??? Y as??, vas cubriendo el fr??o con amor ???. ??? Vas haci??ndome sentir mejor ???. ??? Porque llegas encendiendo el coz??n ???. ??? Haces que mi alma sienta amor de nuevo ???. ??? Haces que a tu lado ya no sienta miedo ???. ??? Haces que me entregue con cada latido ???. ??? Y que no quiera ni un segundo sin estar contigo ???. ??? Haces que mi coraz??n ya no est?? ciego ???. ??? Porque puedo ver en ti que esto es amor sincero ???. ??? Haces que te quiera m??s, un poco m??s ???. ??? Llegas y te quiero m??s de lo que ya te quiero ???. ??????. 

[00:22:54]


>> Pero, c??mo te atreves a hacerme esto. Me quieres decir ??Qu?? hago con ese auto? 
>> Ay, Maximino, pues devu??lvelo. 
>> Lo compr?? para ti. 
>> Pero ya te dije que yo no lo quiero, adem??s yo no te lo ped??. Mira Maximino, te voy a dar un consejo, cuando me quieras regalara algo, preg??ntame antes que quiero o que necesito. ??El regalo es para m??, no? Mira Maximino, y si me est??s tratando de reconquistar con esto, por ah?? no va la cosa. 
(Gritos). 
>> Aldo! Ay, tampoco quiero nada de ti! Ni un beso, f??jate. 
>> Ay, ya, ya, c??lmate. Yo no s?? por qu?? te pones as?? conmigo, si yo no te hice nada, eh. 
>> Aldo, pues que me caes muy bien, y me la pa incre??ble contigo, pero t?? y yo no podemos tener nada por tu t??o Maximino. Imag??nate, ??l no se va a tocar el coraz??n para un d??a ir y desaparecerte. 
>> Tan malo crees que sea, por favor. 
>> T?? sabes perfectamente c??mo es tu t??o, eh. Y adem??s, yo no te quiero ver un d??a ah??, tirado en el r??o de los remedios. Cargar??a con eso toda mi vida en la conciencia, Aldo, por favor. As?? que, como dice el Juan Ga: Pero qu?? necesidad. D??jame tranquila. 
>> Hace rato, que ven??a hacia la prepa, pas?? por d??nde Lorenzo tiene sus tacos y me com?? unos, y adivina qu??. 
>> No pos, no adivino, qu??. 
>> Lorenzo me invit?? a la inauguraci??n del negio de una amiga, y es hoy en la tarde. 
>> Obvio no vas a ir, verdad. 
>> Ah, claro que voy a ir. Le dije que s??, Ay, adem??s es un auto lavado. 
>> Jana, a ver que te est?? pasando, ??te est??s volviendo mo Naquita en cinco minutos? 
>> No, f??jate que no. Adem??s va a estar Luciana y lo chavos de la vecindad. 
>> C??mo si eso te importara. A ti lo que te importa es estar con tu taquerito. 
>> Pues s??, la verdad s??. Adem??s es m??s divertido que todos nuestros amigos juntos. Deber??as acompa??arme a ver si se te quita lo fresa. 
>> No, no, no, jam??s. 
>> Andale, ampl??a tus horizontes, en una de esas hasta te diviertes. 

[00:24:56]


>> ??A qu?? hora es? Igual y s?? te voy a acompa??ar, nada m??s para que no digas que soy fresa, ok. 
>> Pero ag??tela bien, compadre! 
>> Esta ya est?? compadre! 
>> Porque si no el azuqu??tar se queda bien asentada! 
>> Oiga, mi t??a Lachata estar??a orgullosa de usted. 
>> Ah, orgullos??sima, eh. 
>> De verlo tan laborioso. 
>> Eh, que sabroso se ve eso, eh. 
>> Eh! 
>> Oiga, oiga, esp??rese, esp??rese, ??Qu?? anda cargando usted esto, eh? 
>> No, s?? puedo. 
>> No, de que puede, puede, pero no debe. Usted a lo suyo, que ya no deben de tardar los invitados. 
>> Bueno, muchas gracias. 
>> Nosotros nos encargamos de esto, de nada. 
>> Gracias. 
>> No nadita. De queso, que rico. 
>> Vale. 
>> Ay, que rico. 
>> Ay que chula. 
>> Que bonito se ve esto. 
>> Ay! 
>> Papacito, s??. 
>> S?? licenciado Linares, no se preocupe, ma??ana es la firma con el notario. Por uuputo, le voy a decir a mi asistente Tony que se comunique con su secretaria y cerramos esto. Por supuesto. S??, no se preocupe, hablamos m??s tarde. Gracias, hasta luego. 
>> ??Era Claudio? 
>> S??, era Claudio. Ma??ana tenemos la firma de un negocio muy importante con la Constructora del Sur. Es cliente de Linares, y te soy franco, ese tipo es un genio, brillante en los negocios, no sabes el dinero que vamos a ganar en esta empresa, por ese negocio. 
>> Bueno, Claudio es el socio fundador de esta empresa, junto con Maximino. Bueno, todo el corporativo Torreslanda a los inicios, empezaron en esa sociedad. 
>> Por eso le sigo dando vueltas a ese fraude. No entiendo nada, es como, como un gran rompecabezas, no embonan las piezas, no entiendo qu?? pas??. Pero en fin. ??Por qu?? no hablamos de nosotros, eh? Que hermosa est??s ??ya tienes lista la mudanza? 
>> Ah, bueno, si quieres llamar mudanza a dos maletas, s??, ya estoy lista. Claro que son maletas muy grandes, muy >> Ah, muy grandes.??Por qu?? tan grandes? ??Cabr??n en el departamento? 
>> Bueno, pues s??, si movemos unas cositas de tu closet, puede que quepa algo m??o. 

[00:27:02]


>> ??Disculpa? 
(Risas). 
>> Bueno, no importa. Yo creo que alg??n d??a, t?? y yo, vamos decidir comprar un departamento m??s grande, se??ora Fuentes Gil. Te diste cuenta, no te dije se??ora Gait??n. Yo s?? que alg??n d??a, el d??a que t?? quieras, me lo vas a pedir. 
(Risas). 
>> Te quiero. 
>> Yo tambi??n. 

[00:31:23]


>> ??Qu?? le parece el lavado de autos, Patricio? 
>> Me gusta mucho, est?? muy bonito, pero, a d??nde est??n los lava coches. 
>> Es que no son los lava coches, son las lava coches. Van a ser Violeta, Sery Dalia. 
>> ??Enserio? 
>> Oh! 
>> Eso s?? me gusta. 
>> Oigan, y ??ellas son las que van a lavar los coches? 
>> En un principio s??. 
>> S??. 
>> Y nosotros les vamos a echar la mano, en cuanto terminemos de, lo de los tachos. 
>> No, bueno, que s??per negocio. 
>> Oiga, que le pasa a usted Lola, por qu?? no se echa a la sal, o qu??. 
>> A ver, soy Lula, por en??sima vez, Lula, no Lola. 
>> Lula, Lula, tan chula. Pos, es que no es ni Lola ni Lul??. 
>> Bueno, y a qui??n esperamos, eh. 
>> Ah, espere padre, ahorita vengo, voy por ellas. 
>> Gracias, s??. 
>> Hola! Bienvenidos! Gracias! Ay, muchas gracias por estar aqu??, de verdad, mucho gusto, yo soy Violeta. 
>> S??. 
>> Muchas gracias por venir, y bueno, por echarnos el agua bendita, es usted muy lindo. 
>> Me llena de alegr??a que ustedes quieran comenzar su negocio con la bendici??n del se??or. 
>> Bueno, aqu?? est??, cuando usted quiera. 
>> Bien, pues, en el nombre del padre, del hijo y del esp??ritu santo. Con ustedes queda inaugurado "Curvas ??continuas?" 
>> Eh! 
>> Continuas, s??, "Curvas continuas". 
(Gritos). 
>> Aguita para todos! Pero claro que s??! Todos! Todos! Todos! Todos! Para que est?? seguro el lugar. 
>> Aqu?? pare! Aqu??! Aqu??! 
>> Todos! Todos! Un poquito de agua. 
>> Ah?? s?? padre. Echeme aqu?? padre, aqu??. Aqu?? padre, aqu?? me urge, me urge. 
>> A ver qu??asa. Lol, Lola, ??chele. Echele Lola, ??rale. 
(Todos hablan). 
>> S??, mucho! 
>> Hoy vana a inaugurar el negocio de mi Violeta, comadre. 

[00:33:23]


>> Dios quiera que le vaya muy bien. 
>> Pues s??, porque invirtieron todo su dinero. 
>> Pues ya iremos un d??a de estos Magda, pa' conocerlo. 
>> De verdad. Mi hija, mi Violeta, est?? tan emocionada con su negocio ese de qu?? es que lavado de coches. 
(Risas). 
>> Yo pienso que, si le hubiera pedido a Aquiles Trueba, su padre, pos ayuda, quiz??s a d??nde estar??amos ahorita comadre. 
>> Uy, v??lgame Dios Magda, pues tan vez en el mismo sitio donde est??. 
>> Uy, v??lgame, ya ve que no lo quiere. 
>> Pues es un hombre muy extra??o, bastante fe??to, y lo que da, pues luego, luego lo quiere cobrar. 
>> Ande s??, c??llese los ojos. 
>> No Mateo, no. Yo no siempre he vivido en este vag??n. No c??mo crees, no. Antes, viv??a en una sa, con mis padres y una hermana. Mira, esta se??ora tan guapa es mi mam??, ??verdad de que es hermosa? M??rala. Aqu??, eso, ??Verdad que es hermosa? Hace tanto tiempo que no la veo, no s?? c??mo est?? ahora, yo creo que acabada de dolor, de pena, por mi culpa, una noche me fui, y nunca volv??, por verguenza, nunca regres??. M??rala, que bonita, no. 

[00:35:40]


>> Gala por favor, no me salgas con que hoy va a venir tu fot??grafo, para qu??, no le veo el caso. 
>> Rodrigo no empieces, me vas a alterar y me he sentido mucho mejor. 
>> Compr??ndela, por favor, se est?? recuperando de una ces??rea, no es cualquier cosa, te parten en dos. Preg??ntale al m??dico, no me va a dejar mentir. 
>> Por favor entiende, yo soy la directora de mi propia revista, la m??s reconocida en todos los niveles. C??mo no voy a tener un reportaje sobre mi maternidad. Rodrigo, es la primera vez que soy madre, a ver, dime una cosa ??A ti qu?? te molesta? T?? solamente te vas a poner donde te indique Cristian, sonr??es como si fueras muy feliz, y eso es todo. 
>> Mira Gala, yo soy muy feliz con el nacimiento de mi beb??, mi hija me fascina, y no me interesa que todo el mundo tenga que saberlo, y que saquen una revista, y que la gente la compre, y pague de su bolsillo para enterarse, me parece sinceramente absurdo. 
>> Es que t?? no sabes nada de esto. Por qu?? no me dejas a m??, yo s?? me siento muy contenta, me siento plena de tener la bendici??n de mi hija, me emociona Rodrigo. A ver, lo que quiero es gritarle a todo el mundo mi felicidad, quiero que todo el mundo vea la familia que yo he formado. En verdad Rodrigo, ahora que me he ido recuperando, me doy cuenta que mi hija es una bendici??n, mi beb?? est?? hermosa, y quiero que de una vez le hici??ramos su nombre ??Has pensado en alguno? 
>> Bueno s??, s?? he pensado en uno, pero no s?? si te guste. A m?? me gustar??a que se llame Alexia. 
>> ??Alexia? Alexia Torreslanda Villavicencio. Me gusta, me gusta que se llame Alexia. 3 hola les saluda lindsay casinelli y estason las informaciones deportivas..... Javier "chicharito" hernandez titular con el manchester united anoto dos de los goles con los que su equipo derroto 3-2 al braga, en partido de la liga de campeones ...En el minuto 25 y el 75, los cabezazos del mexicano hicieron vibrar al old trafford(wipe)con un hat-trick de roberto soldado el valencia derroto al bate borisov por 3 a 0.... El mexicano andres grdado jugo los 90 minutos y efectuo a los 55' el pase para el segundo gol....(Wipe)y en la mlb, los marlins e miami dejaron sin chamba al manager venezolano ozzie guillen luego de una sola temporada con el equipo. Los marlins terminaron la temporada ultimos en su division con 69 victorias y 93 derrotas... ??????. 

[00:41:33]


>> Qu?? bueno que pudiste venir Polito. 
>> S??, perd??n por ll tarde, pero estaba en una junta con mi jefe nuevo del antro, pero ya estoy aqu??. 
>> Qu?? bueno! A ver, dinos, ??te gusta? ??Qu?? te parece? 
>> Me encanta, adem??s el nombre "Curvas continuas" est?? perfecto. 
(Gritos). 
>> Oye, ??vino Luciana o no? 
>> S??. 
>> S??, claro que vino, pero se fue con Melisa a dejara al padre Amesto, y bueno, lo que pasa es que Luciana le pidi?? que viniera a bendecir el lugar. 
>> De hecho tambi??n vino el joven tricio, pero se tuvieron que ir. 
>> Pues, de por cierto, ??qu?? le pas?? a Patricio? Se ve que es bien lindo ??Qu?? le pas??? Por qu?? est?? en silla de ruedas. 
>> S??, lo que pasa es que tuvo un accidente escalando una monta??a, y se tron?? la columna, horrible. 
>> S??. 
>> H??jole, pobrecito. 
>> Ay, s??. 
>> Que mala on 
>> Violeta, nuestro primer cliente! 
>> Andando, r??pido! 
(Gritos). 
>> Ah?? voy. 
>> Go, go, go. 
>> Hola que tal, yo lo atiendo, bienvenido a ??va a lavar su auto? 
>> Lorenzo! Permiso. Teije que no te le acerques a mi novia. 
>> A ver, a ver, Jano, ella no es su novia eh, que no se enter??. 
>> Eh, ya b??jale pues! 
>> C??mo queb??jale! 
>> No, que as?? pues! L??rgate de aqu??! 
>> Porque Lorenzo no est?? solo, pero t?? s??. V??monos. 
>> Orale, ??rale. 
>> Ya d??jele! 
(Gritos). 
>> Tus llaves. ??????. 
>> Padre, muchas gracias por todo. 
>> Gracias a ti Luciana, pas?? un rato muy agradable. Muchas gracias por el avent??n Melisa, sal??dame a tu mam??. 
>> De nada padre, siempre es un placer platicar con usted. >>Espero verlas por aqu?? muy pronto, ya saben que en la casa de Dios, siempre ser??n bien recibidas. 
>> Hasta luego padre. 
>> Muchas gracias. 
>> Hasta luego. 
>> Oye, te invito a tomar un caf??. 
>> Pero con pastel. 
>> Date prisa, vamos. ??????. 

[00:43:37]


>> ??C??mo te fue Pato? 
>> Bien Nana. Fui a la inauguraci??n del lavado de autos de Violeta, la amiga de Luciana, ??ya sabes qui??n? 
>> S??, de Violeta, la vecina de mi hermana. 
>> Esa mera, Nana, puso un negocio de lavado de autos, y por cierto, lo hubieras visto, bastante pintoresco. 
>> ??Un lavado de autos? Ay, pues, que raro, yo hubiera imaginado que pudiera tener un sal??n de belleza, una tienda de ropa, pero un lavado de autos. 
>> No, esp??rate Nana, y adivina qui??n va a lavar los coches. 
>> Ah, pues alg??n muchacho. 
>> No, no, no, Ellas! Violeta y sus dos amigas, que son sus socias. Est??n muy simp??ticas y bastante provocativas por cierto. 
>> Pues ojala les vaya muy bien. 
>> Les va a ir muy bien Nana, ya se lo propusieron. 
>> Iguala que t??, en tu rehabilitaci??n, mi ni??o. 
>> S?? Nana, yo no me pienso quedar as?? sin moverme, yo voy a ir por todo, yo no acepto un no de los doctores Nana, yo me tengo que recuperar, bueno digo, tal vez s??, no pueda entrar a una marat??n o algo as??, pero caminar s?? Nana. Yo le estoy apostando a caminar y lo voy a lograr, vas a ver. 
>> Hola, hola! 
>> Hola. 
>> Hola. 
>> ??Listo para la terapia Pato? 
>> M??s que listo, vamos a correr. 
>> Ese es el esp??ritu de un campe??n. 
>> Vamos. 
>> Venga pues. Muy tranquilo, despacio. Eso. 
>> S?? entendiste lo que quiero. 
>> S??, est?? bien Gala, s??, s?? entend??. 
>> Rodrigo, ya est?? todo listo. 
>> Gala, ten??a a haber regresado a la oficina. 
>> Bueno, pero no nos vamos a tardar nada, esto son un par de tomas, mira ven. Ay, ven ver que preciosa se puso. Ven, ve la ropita. 
>> Ay, mi vida. 
>> Si??ntate. En estas t?? la cargas. 
>> Ven princesa de mi alma, venga mi chiquita. A ver. 
>> A ver, voltea. 
>> Una, dos tres. Ah?? est??, bien. A ver. 

[00:45:41]


>> Deja cambiarme de lugar. 
>> Si claro. 
>> A ver Rodrigo, es que, este es mi lado. 
>> A ver. 
>> Hazte para all??. 
>> Ah?? est??, a ver. Una, dos. 
>> Pues s?? Melisa, a veces quiero regresar a mi pueblo, pero, yo no me puedo mover de aqu?? sin encontrar a mi hijo. 
>> Luciana, t?? debes de estar donde te sientas m??s tranquila. De cualquier modo no puedes hacer m??s de lo que los investigadores est??n haciendo. 
>> No, s?? puedo, s?? puedo y lo voy a hacer. Voy a ir a todas las casas hogar, a las casa de hu??rfanos, a las casas de beneficencia, a donde tenga que ir, pero lo voy a encontrar. 
>> Te entiendo Luciana, pero no te has puesto a pensar que, tal vez, la persona que se llev?? a tu beb?? sea alguien que ahorita le est?? dando amor y cari??o. 
>> ??Y si no? Y si esa persona fue y lo dej?? en una casa para hu??rfanos, en una casa de beneficencia o vete t?? a saber Melisa. 
>> Lo s??. Vamos a seguir, vamos a seguir hasta encontrar a Rodrigo. 
>> Ay, mi hijo, d??nde est??. 
>> Condenado chamaco, has venido a moverme el mundo. No s?? si estoy haciendo bien o no, tan vez te tocaba vivir una vida con comodidades. No tienes carita de ni??o com??n y corriente, no, no, no, no. Entonces, ??Qui??n te fue a tirar al basurero? Y si alguien te rob??, y si alguien te arrebat?? de los brazos de tu mam??, y te quiso hacer un da??o tan grande. Y si te est??n buscando Mateo. 

[00:47:59]


(Llantos). 
>> Ya, mi chiquito, venga. 
>> Todas las noches le pido a la virgencita, que me cuide a mi ni??o, que desde d??nde ella est??, que me lo cuide, y pues, ese es mi ??nico consuelo Melisa, el m??o y el de mi familia. El de mi mam??, el de Lorenzo, el de mi pap??. 
>> T?? pap??. Oye Luciana, estaba pensando algo, pero no s?? t?? que pienses. En unos d??as es el cumplea??os de tu pap??. 
>> Es cierto. 
>> Y, digo, estaba pensando en hacerle una comida para festejarlo. T??, Lorenzo, me gustar??a decirle a mi mam?? y a Oscar, pero, pues, eso lo decides t??. 
>> ??Yo? 
>> S??, qu?? piensas. Digo, yo lo ??nico que quiero es que tu pap?? se sienta a gusto y que est?? muy contento ese d??a. 
>> T?? lo quieres mucho, verdad Melisa. 
>> S??, Luciana. Y digo, no solo lo quiero, estoy enamorada de tu pap??, lo amo. ??????. ??? Llegas, cuando no cre??a en nada ???. 

[00:53:15]


>> Melisa, c??mo ??c??mo que amas a mi pap??? 
>> Ay, s??, digo, te acuerdas el d??a que di la conferencia sobre derechos humanos. 
>> S??, s??, s?? me acuerdo. 
>> Bueno, pues ese d??a lo conoc?? en persona, pero, yo ya hab??a o??do hablar de ??l, en la facultad es un abogado muy respetado y reconocido, a pesar de haber estado preso. Digo, t??, porque todav??a no has estado en el ambiente de la universidad Luciana, pero, el juicio de tu pap?? para demostrar su inocencia, circul?? por toda la universidad. Tu padre es un abogado respetado y admirado en el ??mbito universitario. 
>> S??, pero entonces, tu admiraci??n se convirti?? en amor. 
>> Ay, pues tal vez s??. Luciana, pero, al conocerlo tuve la misma posibilidad de no enamorarme, pero me pas?? todo lo contrario, cuando lo conoc?? me impact??. Luciana, se me meti?? directo al coraz??n. 
>> Buenas noches Licenciado Linares, ??ya de salida? 
>> S??, don Ger??nimo, ya es justo y necesario. Qu?? bueno que lo veo, porque he tenido la intenci??n de ir a saludarlo, lo que pasa es que no me he dado la oportunidad. Qu?? le parece si ma??ana desayunamos aqu?? en el comedor de empleados. 
>> Por supuesto que s?? licenciado, para m?? va a ser un placer. 
>> Perfecto. Entonces, ma??ana nos vemos a primera hora. 
>> Que le vaya muy bien. 
>> Con permiso. 
>> Pase buena noche. 
>> Gracias. 
>> Luciana, es que no entiendo por qu?? te sorprende tanto que yo ame a tu pap??. 
>> Porque podr??a ser tu pap??, Melisa. 
>> Podr??a ser, pero no lo es. Ay Luciana, s??, este amor con la admiraci??n y con el deseo de conocerlo, pero hay algo que me conecta con ??l. Cuando tu pap?? me mira me desestabiliza, se me sube todo, sudo, y me delata una sonrisa de ni??a tonta, y no lo puedo evitar. 
>> Eso eres para mi pap?? Melisa, una ni??a que quiere y aprecia mucho, pero nada m??s. Yo veo muy dif??cil que mi pap?? se enamore de ti. 

[00:55:20]


>> Pues, eso habr??a que pregunt??rselo a ??l, no. Ay, Luciana, yo no s?? que pueda pasar, pero lo que s?? s?? es la atracci??n que siento por ??l. Ese temblor en mi voz cuando ??l se me acerca, esos escalofr??os que me dan cuando ??l me saluda, me da un beso ay Luciana, no lo puedo evitar, lo quiero. Ay Luciana, saber que voy a verlo, me llena de energ??a, de ilusi??n, todo se me mueve Luciana, y te digo algo, siento muy bonito, me gusta. Ay Luciana, t?? m??s que nadie sabe lo que es el amor verdadero, es un camino que se cruza en tu vida, y t?? lo quieres seguir. Ay, yo quiero saber hasta d??nde puedo llegar en el m??o. 
>> El amor verdadero. 
(Risas). 
>> Ay, Oscar! 
(Risas). 
>> Ay, mi amor! 
>> Te amo, y bienvenida a tu casa. 
>> Ay, yo tambi??n te amo. 
>> Te tengo una sorpresa. 
>> Ah, s??. ??Qu?? clase de sorpresa, eh? 
>> Te va a encantar. 
>> Me va a encantar. 
>> Ven ac??, ven ac??. 
(Risas). 
>> Ah, que fue eso, este loco nomas. 
>> Mira nada m??s, aqu?? est??n los refrescos. Naranja. 
>> Naranja. 
>> Naranja. 
>> Ah, que rico, este pa' m??. 
>> Pues mira nada m??s. Oye, ese Boris c??mo te trae tierra, eh, cada vez que te ve, hombre, te quiere trompear hermano. 
>> Pues s??, pero ??l es el que sale perdiendo. Janita ya no lo quiere. 
(Risas). 
>> Entonces estar?? uno manco, que no. 
>> Si supieras, no hombre, de veras. Hoy no mas abri??, no le entr??, como vez. 

[00:57:24]


>> No, no me diga eso. 
>> Uy, de lo que me perd??. Este no, se le meti?? >> No le entr??. 
>> Oiga Aldo. 
>> D??game. 
>> Y por qu?? nos convoca a estas horas, no me diga que quiere hablar de negocios. 
>> Qu??, qu??, qu?? pas??, me ofendes, ??no somos amigos? 
>> S??. 
>> Bueno, a esta hora tambi??n los amigos se pueden ver, los socios, para hablar de la amistad, que es importante cultivar la amistad. Es m??s, les voy a invitar unas hamburguesas. 
>> ??Enserio? 
>> A pues, est?? muy bien. Pero, deje que nosotros invitemos. 
>> Ah, qu?? pas??, qu?? pas??. 
>> Eh, eh, eh, si no nos deja pagar, no hay hamburguesas. 
>> No pues ya lo vi muy serio, y as?? est?? la cosa y pues vamos a las hamburguesas y ustedes pagan. 
>> Me parece perfect, por favor, s??banse a mi limosina. 
(Risas). 
>> Ay, perd??n, el sombrerito, ??ndele, s??base. 
>> El sombrerito. 
>> No se ponga violento, eh, compadre. 
>> No, qu?? pas??, pues si ustedes van a invitar. 
>> Donde estar?? tu hermanito en este momento Alexia, ojala est?? bien, yo te promet?? que te lo iba a traer, que lo ibas a conocer, que van a jugar y se van a divertir mucho. Te juro que te lo voy a cumplir, te lo juro. ??????. ??? Llegas, cuando no cre??a en 

﻿Title: Caucus New Jersey - Enterprising Women: Traits for Success
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

"Caucus new jersey." 
>> Funding for this edition of "caucus new jersey" has been providedy j.H. Cohn accountants & consultants. We turn expertise into rts; the law firm of gibbons p.C.; and by the merck company foundation. 
>> Welcome to "caucus new jersey." I'm steve adubato. The question is what characteristic make women great leaders? I'm joined in the studio by 4 very enterprising women who are gonna share what it takes to succeed. They are sheila rostiac, who is president and director of corporate social responsibility for pse&g--pseg foundation. Excuse me. lucia DiNapoli gibbons, who is regional president, northern new jersey at wells fargo, aviva woog, who is community outreach and relations manager at healthfirst new jersey, and finally jane ellis, vice president of marketing, public relations, and community health at holy name medical center. I want to thank all of you for joining us. Very enterprising women. 
>> Thank you for having us. 
>> I got to tell you. As we were getting ready for this show, I'm thinking, "ok, how would this be different if we have 4 enterprising men?" Right? And it's different in a lot of ways. Lucia, you've joined us before. I'm gonna ask you, question of leadership. Do you think it's any different for a woman in a leadership position to be successful than a man? Any different? 
>> Well, I think we bring certain strengths to our leadership position that help us be successful that are different than what men do. 
>> How so? 
>> I think that women are just tremendous at handling multiple priorities is number one. And I think that's a true strength. I'm not saying that some men can't do that, but I do think it's a rength of women. 
>> Forced to juggle more? 
>> Able to juggle more. 
>> Jane? 
>> Correct. Able to juggle more. We're used to it. This is what we do as women. We multi-task. We're the chief operating officer of our family, and we're taking care of little ones and often our parents or even our spouse's parent, and it's a lot involved with that, running a family and feeding the family and nurturing the family and making sure that they get where they need to get, and it requires a lot of multi-tasking. And then we go to work, and it's like, "we can handle that." 

[00:02:37]


>> It's funny. More is expected, sheila, of women in--i was gonna say in leadership positions, and I'm thinking, "in life." More is expected? 
>> I think we just sometimes have to exercise different muscles, so getting back to, is it different and are women better at multi-tasking. I think, personally my experience has just been it's been more of a function of we've had to. So in the traditional environment, that has been the 
call: Managing the house and working. I know I've been in a non-traditional relationship with my husband at home going to grad hool while I was working, so I have seen the ability for multi-tasking on all ends. I just think traditionally women have had to exercise that muscle more. 
>> And because we've done so, i think it just offered us more practice to be able to do so. And those folks then expect that of us. Whether we're mothers, daughters, professionals in the work force, we're expected to do that, and we have that practice, and so we do it well. 
>> I'm curious about th because all of you are great leaders and very successful and very enterprising, obviously, or we wouldn't have you here. And by the way, lucia, I'm gonna give a plug to the organization that you're a part of because that's where this started because lucia is the chair of the most recent executive women in new jersey initiative, right? What is that real quick, and then I'll talk about this question of role models, which I've been curious about. >>Ctually, I was the first honorary chair--first female honorary chair for our gala this year, and the gala recognizes spectacular women throughout the state of new jersey for all of their wonderful accomplishments. So it was a tremendous opportunity to be the first female honary chair. 
>> By the way, do you mind if we recognize a talented, spectacular woman who's out in the green room right now? Fran durst, who's been with--yeah, you're saying that for a reason. 
>> She's retiring. Fran durst is with our communications team in wells fargo, and we've just had a tremendous partnership for the 10 years that I've been with wells fargo. She is a woman that just epitomizes grace and elegance and commitment to her work, and she deserves to retire. We've tried desperately for 5 years not to let her do so, but she will be retiring. 

[00:04:46]


>> And this was my attempt to have her not do that by doing this on the air, but apparently it's not gonna work. I just heard that she's-- but this is for you, fran, for everything you've done for us here on this series. But I'm curious about role models. In knowing something about your backgrounds but also reading more about what you told our producers, each one of you come to these positions and also come to where you are in your careers by very different ways, very different role models, backgrounds. Now, you did not grow up, in spite of your accent, jane-- 
[laughter] 
>> in new jersey. 
>> My south jersey accent, right? 
>> Where did you grow up? 
>> Alabama. 
>> Grew up in alabama. Who encouraged you? What encouraged you to become a leader and successful? 
>> Well, certainly both of my parents were strong professional people, but I had wonderful instructors in high school that--i particularly loved my chemistry teacher. Chemistry was hard, but she was so encouraging and so modeling as an instructor. And then when I went to undergraduate school, I had another professor that particularly influenced me who was a yale graduate and just wouldn't allow you to do anything but your best. 
>> Tough on you. 
>> Tough. Very tough love. 
>> You told our producers you came from a long line of frontier women. 
>> Yes. Frontier women. True. True. 
>> Do we have them in new jersey? 
>> I don't know what that is. Would you explain? 
>> Trailblazers. 
>> Trailblazers, ok. 
>> Trailblazers. My grandmother was a very, very strong woman and was one of the first social workers in the state of alabama, and she really taught me from the knee, so to speak, about being a helping person, and that stuck with me. 

[00:06:46]


>> Clearly. So let me ask you, role models growing up that had an impact on you becoming the enterprising woman that you obviously are. 
>> I would have to say number one was my grandmother, who came to america on her own from ireland when she was about 16 years old and truly demonstrated the value of hard work and what it means to be a beacon of hope. We did not have necessarily the easiest situation growing up at home, and she remained steadfast in confidence, would tell you what you needed to hear, even if it wasn't what you wanted to hear, but in a way that you would be able to listen, and really saw the potential that-- saw in me what I may have not been able to see in myself at that time. 
>> Way back? 
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I can remember countless conversations from me telling her I wanted to be an orthodontist when I grow up and everyone around me saying, you know, "no, that's not gonna happen" to "you can be anything that you want to be and you're gonna get there through hard work and perseveranc 
>> it's interesting. I know that lots of folks in your professional careers that had an impact, but I also know, before I come to you, aviva, that lucia, she's never deviated from this. Her role model was always her dad. 
>> My dad. Absolutely. Similar circumstances. So my dad and my mother-- 
>> no, no, not from ireland. 
>> No. From italy. Similar... 
>> I happen to know that, in spite of the fact that you look very irish. 
>> Yes, of course. But my dad is from italy, and, you know, he grew up quite poorly. He never had the opportunity to even finish grammar school, so had a real appreciation for education. Came to the united states, learned how to speak english, started a small business. He was a barber. And he set the bar high. You know, head very, very high expectations and always taught us to do our best every day. 
>> Education. 
>> Education. So my dad didn't know. He pushed. It wasn't, "lucia, go be a lawyer, go be a doctor." It was, "get educated and pursue what you want to pursue." So when--first of all, you never came home with a report card that had a "b" on it, right? But there was no question I was going to college. And even when I finished college, it was, "ok, well, what's next? Do something else. Go to law school, go to graduate school. The 4 years are going to go by anyway, so at the end of those 4 years, make sure you have a degree in your hand because that's something no one can ever take away from you." And he really felt that with education came opportunity. So it's something that he really strongly stressed in our family. 

[00:09:16]


>> Pushed you. Encouraged you. 
>> Absolutely. Encouraged, pushed. 
>> Required. 
>> Required. 
>> My parents absolutely placed education as the number one priority of our family. 
>> Number one? 
>> Yes. And every one of us were actually required to go. 
>> Yeah. Pushing has its place. 
>> To go to college. 
>> Aviva, what's your story? 
>> Similar to the ladies, whether it is a man role model or a female role model, it's always been the people in my life who expected of me and that push that we're all echoing. My father, same as lucia's, had high expectations. There wano doubt you were going to college. There was no doubt you were going to be a professional. There was no doubt that you were going to contribute, contribute to something. 
>> Professionally? Whatever that meant? 
>> Professionally, in your relationships, within your family, within your community. Contribute. Do your part. 
>> That was expected. 
>> Absolutely. It was expected, and I never thought there was another option. 
>> But it's interesting. Even though every one of you are very involved in your community--some involved in the church as well in your own way--but you have succeeded in the corporate world, each one of you. And you deal with men, do you not? 
>> Of course. 
>> Yes. And I know a lot of the men that you interact with because we have had them on as well. Jane, curious about this. How important has it been to have men--i happen to know mike maron, your ceo at your place. Mike and others, how important is it to have had men be supportive of your enterprising efforts and ways? 
>> I think for me, I've really had male bosses most of my life. I think only once or twice I reported to a woman. I really enjoy working with men. They're not nearly as personal about things. They don't sweat the small stuff, so to speak. And there's not that jealousy that often stems from competitive relationships among women. So I have found that my male leaders expected my best; I gave them the best I could; and it's been good. 

[00:11:50]


>> Hold on, jane. Is there not a sisterhood in corporate america that I know I've heard about. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Are you not there for each other? 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Lucia? 
>> But it's a competitive environment. 
>> But you have said--unless i misunderstood, you've enjoyed working for men. 
>> Yes. 
>> But you have not experienced some of the pettiness that you've experienced sometimes in working around women. 
>> No, I said for women. 
>> Ok. 
>> That's a big difference. 
>> Ok. Lucia, jump in anytime. 
>> So my experience--and I have to, as I talk with female acquaintances and certainly even folks that are a little bit older and have blazed the trail, I've heard about that. I can tell you it's not my personal experience. 
>> What's yours? 
>> My personal experience is women advocating for other women. And by the way, I think it's critical that men advocate for women. But women advocating for women and women mentoring others behind them to bring them up. So that's my experience. 
>> But you're one of the first women in your industry to ever hold a position like this. 
>> And I've had men advocate for me, which I think is critical. And now I do report to a woman, who reports to a woman, who reports to a woman. And we all-- 
>> you're talking about michelle. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Michelle lee, right? 
>> She's a great supporter of mine, making sure I get on the right assignments, have an opportunity to be among senior leaders in the organization. You know, sponsoring me for mentorship programs. And then I do the same for the women that are behind me. 
>> I was gonna say, you mentor... 
>> Absolutely. 
>> You coach... 
>> Yeah. Absolutely. 
>> Do you owe? 
>> I'm sorry? 
>> Do you owe? 
>> I don't know what that means. 
>> Do you owe it to others-- 
>> clearly! 
>> Do you owe? 
>> Absolutely. 100%. 
>> And by the way, you have a heavy hr background as well. 
>> I do. 
>> Jump in and talk about this. 
>> I mean, interestimy experience has primarily been working for women throughout my career. So whether it was in finance, in hr, and now in corporate philanthropy. And so for the first time in my career, I'm reporting to one of our male executives. And my experience has been you need sponsorship, whether that's male or female. You need respected top leaders to be there sponsoring you. The real conversations about you, the decisions about your next steps happen when you're not in the room. And so having cultivated the relationships-- male, female, executive suite to individual contributor to the security man that greets you each morning. And having built a relationship and a touch and treated those folks with respect and delivered to them and kept your commments is the only way, then, when you're not at the table, folks are going to be championing you. 

[00:14:35]


>> But I'm curious about something before I go back to aviva. You've said something about this. You have said that it took you a while to find your true voice... 
>> Yeah. 
>> In the corporate, just say, hallways and surroundings to really be who you are. 
>> Yeah. 
>> What does that mean? 
>> You know, kind of my biggest mistake in my career path was to compartmentalize my life. So the fact that, you know, I'm a mom, a wife, a sister with 4 brothers, a mother who I take care of. What I was bringing to work was only my game face, my corporate face. And it was actually one of male mentors who first pointed it out to say, "why don't you bring your whole self to the table?" 
>> What does that mean? 
>> You know what? When you walk into a room, you can be all of those things--the sports fanatic that you are, the person who loves walking on the trails, the mom. And so that you can find in that room, whether it's male or female, something to connect with and make the conversation go. And so when you don't bring your whole self, if you can't have the golf conversation, you're missing it. 
>> It's true. Sure. 'Cause-- jane's a big sports fan, isn't she? 
>> She loves her new york yankees. 
>> It's true! The last time i was in the office, I looked around your office, I saw a lot of sports stuff, and we started a conversation about sports. 
>> Absolutely. My father was a pitcher was for the farm league of the yankees. So the yankees were what we lived, ate, and read every day of our life. 
>> Even in alabama? 
>> Yeah. Even in alabama. 
>> And by the way, it's funny. Lucia and I talk. We have offline conversations about-- I like to call them cycling classes, but officially they're spinning classes. We talk about exercise all the time, right? 
>> Absolutely. I was gonna say that if you're not a sports fanatic, I've been working in a male-dominated industry with men who are predominantly business owners. But, you know, I don't play golf, I'm not necessarily into sports, but i can talk about wine and food and travel and exercise and other-- you can connect with people in different ways. 
>> Advice to other women watching this program who say, "you know what? I haven't hit my stride yet. In these tough economic times, I still feel like I have something to offer. And I want to be more enterprising," which is another of saying successful. Give some advice about finding your own voice, if you will. 

[00:16:58]


>> I think it's really important to be open to experiences... 
>> By the way, before you go any further--fair to say terry byrd, big supporter of yours? 
>> Yes. And I'm very grateful. 
>> I just want to get that out there. 
>> To comment on what one of the other ladies said, I've actually worked for both women and men. And I do agree with both of the comments that you guys said. And whether it is a woman or a man, you do need their support and you do need their encouragement. And I think that that ends up benefiting not just you and your professional growth but the organization as well. And so I do defily have that from terry. 
>> That advice for women watching right now who say, "i'm just not feeling that confident. I'm not sure what I bring to the table." 
>> Again, I think a big part of it is the mentorship, finding someone who has attributes that you respect and that you want to emulate. And continue that conversation. I think your professional growth really lies with what you're gonna do about it. 
>> Seek that person out? 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Jane, seek out someone to mentor you? 
>> It's your responsibility. 
>> I think that the key to success as a leader is to be true to yourself. You have to certainly shape that truth through the mission, through the vision of the organization, through the parameters that the organization is snaking through, be it licensing, be it financial demands, et cetera. 
>> Be it national health care reform. 
>> But you have to be trueo yourself. And I think the second key is balance--having balance in your life. 
>> For example? 
>> Women are notorious for not taking time for themselves. And I think that is a discipline, a practice that strengthens your ability to lead. It replenishes the well when you have balance in your life--finding the moments of joy and celebrating that. 

[00:19:10]


>> Lucia, some of the keys to success in no particular order. Just a couple of tips that you have found. 
>> Well, I think you've mentioned some of them before. I think building relationships is critical and being authentic. Building relationships, making connections. You said this before, I think--making connections with people that are the senior executives in the company, your peers, as well as the security guard that is letting you in. I think it's critical to demonstrate respect for all individuals because that's how you build trust. And when you build trust, that's how you build relationships. 
>> Which is another thing, lucia--and you and I have talked about this offline befe. You have been big on setting goals. You have been big on literally writing it down and saying, "that's where I want to be," as opposed to, "well, wherever..." I understand at we're going to take life where it takes you because you can't predict a whole lot of what goes on. Goals. 
>> Goals and a plan. And let me say this, though, steve. I haven't necessarily--i have personal goals, right? But in my career, I always aspire to be the best that I could be and do the best that I can do. I haven't necessarily said, "gee, I'm going to be the regional president." It's, "i'm going to be the best I can be," which means, what am I dealing with in the moment? What am i trying to accomplish? Know what that goal is and then build the plan to get there. That's what helps you executend accomplish. And when you execute and accomplish, people notice. And you have an opportunity to take on those larger roles. 
>> Sheila? 
>> I'm known for saying with the folks that I've given career coaching to over the years, is, "you can be good at anything in this organization. The only way you can be grea if you're really passionate about what you're doing. And so are you in the right role? That passion nds to come through, and consistently delivering on it." And getting back to goals, I always say, "make sure that your goals are intersecting with the organizational goals. Find that spot, and that's your niche. And that's what you go for. Your personal with come with it. The organization will succeed." And that's really been how I've been fortunate enough to have my experience. 

[00:21:17]


>> It's so funny. All of you know that we have very enterprising women who run this organization--the caucus educational cooperation. And I've said to them many times, "of course you need to understand the goals and the overall mission of our organization, but I need you to be coming to me," as the supposed leader of the ganization, saying, 'listen, i know we're doing' such and such. "'I want to take that on.'" so being proactive, taking the initiative... 
>> Problem solving. 
>> Listen, that's a huge part of it. By the way, aviva, you have talked about a 2-year and a 4-year plan. 
>> Yes. 
>> Please share. 
>> And that's what I was gonna say. As well as your goals, you al have to have a timeline. 
>> Really? 
>> I think so. 
>> Go ahead. 
>> And that timeline can be modified. It can change, but i think you do always have to set a benchmark. 
>> You have one? 
>> I do, I do. I read it recentlyn an article that someone who was giving professional advice said, "everything should be a 4-year. The first two years, make your rk. Show people what you can do. The next two years, get to that next step, whether it be a promotion and whether that be in the organization you're in or outside of the organization that you're in." But look at it in those--make your mark and then make your move. 
>> Ok. Make your mark. Make your move. I like that. I'm gonna steal it and use it. 
>> Can I go back to something jane said? 
>> We got a couple minutes left. Go ahead. 
>> Goals. If you have a goal of having a balanced life and taking care of yourself, there's a plan that you need to put in place in order to accomplish that. Calendar manageme-- and time frames and horizons. So with--goals, it even goes to having balance. 
>> And real quick in the minute and a half that we have left, jane, I need to ask you this. Every one of you has been rejected. Every one of you has fallen short on initiatives. And I have as well. How important is it to try, to come up short, to dust yourself off, and do it again? 
>> It's everything. You're modeling, you're coaching. Because if you're a leader, you've got people that are looking at you and helping shape the organization, too. So your style of leadership goes a long way in shaping those that you are working with on a daily basis. 

[00:23:26]


>> Sure. Because, "i don't want to try--if I try that, i fall on my face; I fail." 
>> No. How you respond in that moment of immediate disappointment or failure in my experience dictates what happens next. And so, you know, I've been disappointed. And a dear friend and colleague got the position that I would have hoped to have gotten. But how i supported and championed her at all times was visible to others in the organization who came back and said, "you know what? Because of that, this one's for you. And go on and fill this niche." And such a difference between the sour grapes versus the supporting. 
>> A few seconds. 
>> Because I think it's about how you respond is what people are looking at. And it's what's telling about you are. 
>> So easy to look good when things turn out well, right? 
>> Yeah. 
>> That's why we love the yankees, jane, because they're always coming back. 
>> Exactly. 
>> That's right. Listen, I want to thank you all for being so enterprising and so terrific. Thank you. The preceding program has been a production of the caucus educational corporation, celebrating 25 years of broadcast excellence, and thirteen for wnet, njtv, and whyy. Funding for this edition of "caucus new jersey" has been provided by j.H. Cohn accountants & consultants, we turn expertise into results; the law firm of gibbons p.C.; and by the merck company foundation. Promotional support provided by nj biz, all business, all new jersey; THE "STAR-LEDGER" AND nj.com, Everything jersey; and by "new jersey monthly," the magazine of the garden state, available at newsstands. Transportation provided by air brook limousine, serving the metropolitan new york, new jersey area. "Caucus new jersey" has been produced in partnership with tristar studios. 

[00:25:38]


>> I've been wrenching for 17 years now. Anything that's got our engine in it, we're working on it. It's nice to know that you have good insurance. Yeah, I'm always comfortable knowing I have horizon no matter where I go. I don't deal with them a lot, which is a good thing. Oh, I have a 17 year old right down to 17 months. I work hard for myoney, and I want to make sure that my family is taken care of. And horizon takes good care of us. Captioning sponsored by 

﻿Title: Charlie Rose
Description: Analysis of the presidential debate.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Additional funding provided by and by bloomberg, a provider of multimedia news and information services worldwide. . It is timeo do some nation building right here at home. > Captioning sponsored by Rose communications 
>> tonight a special edition of charlie rose. 
>> Rose: Welcome to our program. We are live this evening from new york. Florida and washington dc, president obama and governor romney faced each other in the third and final debate. Many saw this as the defining moment for each of the candidate before americans make their decision on election day november 6th, next two weeks will be devoted to mobilizing voters in key battleground states, ohio in particular shaping up to be an election decider, although as cbs news poll this morning showed the president maintains an advantage there, governor romney is gaining, tonight in boca raton, florida the focus was on foreign policy, both candidate also pressed on their domestic policy talking points. 
>> Governor romney I am glad that you recognize that al qaeda is a threat, because a few month ago when asked was is the biggest geo political face facing america you said russia. 
>> Russia indicated is a geo political foe. 

[00:02:03]


>> Excuse me, as the geo political foe and I said in the same paragraph I said and iran is the greatest national security threat we face. Russia does continue to battle us in the u.N. Time a time again, I have clear eyes on, this I am not going to wear rose colored glasses when it wears to russia and mr. But putin and not say to himly give you more flexibility after the election. 
>> One of the challenges over the last decade as we have done experiments in nation building in places like iraq and afghanistan and neglected for example developing our own economy, our own energy sectors, our own education system. 
>> Sportsdesk to be able to fulfill our role in the world, america must be strong. America must lead. And for that to happen, we have to strengthen our exhibit here at home. 
>> He doesn't have different ideas and that is because we are doing exactly what we should be doing. 
>> Come on our web site and look at how we get to a balanced budget within eight to ten years, we do it by getting, by reducing spending and a whole series of programs. 
>> It just doesn't work and we visited the web site quite a bit and it still doesn't work. 
>> Rose: Let me get back to foreign policy. Can I just get back? 
>> We have to strengthen our military long-term we don't know what the world is going to throw at us down the road. We make decisions today in the military that will confront challenges we can't imagine. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the may I have, for example. And that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. 
>> From the very beginning the president campaigned some four years a and said he would meet with all of the world's boston actors and sit down with chavez and kim jung il, with castro and with president ahmadinejad of iran. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that has been told during the course of this campaign. 

[00:04:03]


>> Joining me in new york is tina brown, editor in chief of news week and the daily beast. From boca raton, mark halperin of time magazine and john heilemann of new york magazine. Chuck todd of nbc news, from washington albert hunt, executive editor of bloomberg news joining us shortly gwen ifill of pbs and raddatz of nbc and john dickerson of, and slight magazine I am pleased to have each of them here this evening for this important debate and as always I begin with al hunt in washington. Al. 
>> Carlie, I think mitt romney went into this debate and the calculation was all he had to do was hold his own, he would win a draw and just show he could be commander in chief. In many ways it was very similar to the strategy barack obama had ironically in denver and in both cases I believe it misfired. Almost from the beginning romney was on his heels and as the debate shaped up he ended up agreeing with barack obama's policies on just a stunning number of issues on bin laden, on drones, on pakistan, on getting out of afghanistan, in 2014, iranian sanctions, syria defending israel, even to some extent on libya. So I don't think this debate changes the dynamics a great deal, people aren't going to vote on foreign policy, but i think if governor romney hoped to build a little momentum which he appears to have had with tonight and in florida he certainly did not achieve that and I think we are ready for a turbulent 14 days but tonight oes to obama. 
>> Rose: Mark halperin. 
>> I think the president won on points. He demonstrated and brandished his experience as commander in chief, he was aggressive, all night he had more quips and one liners as a manner of theatrics will be played on tv, I disagree with al in the following way, governor romney executed a strategy, the idea his advisors came up with when he agreed with the president he should agree, if this debate affects the race and I don't think it will, but if it does, I think governor romney completed the trifecta in all three deablghts as a matter of similar bioticks he stood to the president toe photo and did fine .. He he looked to him to be a steady and the reassuring commander in chief, he did it, i think he lost on points and simply won sitting with the president but overall I don' really think it is going to affect the race very much. 

[00:06:24]


>> Rose: John heilemann? 
>> Carlie, I thk the most amazing thing about the debate and about this debate tonight is the number of times with governor romney invoked the word tumult, I think he thinks it is a yiddish word and playing for the jewish vote down in florida. 
(Laughter.) 
>> I think, I agree with both of my colleagues but a little more in al hunt's camp on the degree to which preside obama dominated the debate, I think governor romney, I thought a lot of his answers to be frankly a little bit incoherent on the substance and I thought he not only agreed with president obama I think the truth is there is not that much difference between them on policy and to exaggerate the differences would be a foolish strategy at the same time there has been a strong, a striking tonal difference between the two of them where for rom at this has been more aggressive and more bellicose on some things in the past, i thought president did a really good job in holding his feet to the fire on a couple of questions, on a couple of responses where he went back and really pointed out things that governor romney was at variance in his position ton with where he had been in the past on certainhings,, you know, trying to pin governor romney down on the positions he has taken in the republican primaries and prior to the last couple of month, not letting him do what the president obama is etch-a-sketching toward the center has been a confusing challenge for president obama and I thought he did it tonight, he tried to do it last week in hofstra and did it there too, but here he dided did it in a steadier more commanding way without the hyperactivity we saw at hofstra, the strength that he gives off as commander in chief I mean people forget barack obama really feels comfortable on foreign policy and you think back to 2008 debate where he took on john mccain a stronger opponent on foreign policy and won that debate decisively and i think he won this one font more decisively over an opponent who doesn't have as much foreign policy experience or credibility as swoon mccain had. 
>> Rose: Martha raddatz. 
>> Good evening, charlie. 

[00:08:25]


>> Rose: Great to have you with us. 
>> It is great to be here, charlie. I am not going to say there is any clear winner this debate but I think what was clear is that mitt romney was trying to appeal to women. What happened to peace through strength, peace through strength? We want to talk about war tonight, we wanted to talk about peace. What did he say our purpose is to make sure the world is peaceful, we can't kill our way out of this mess. So in ways I didn't recognize mitt romney tonight but I do think he appealed probably to female voters and that clearly is what he wanted to do. 
>> Rose: Chuck todd. 
>> Well, look, I was not surprised by the aggressiveness of president obama and I wasn't surprised about the mitt romney strategy of trying to sort of play prevent, defense if you will if we didn't know any polls I think the average person would look at this capability and say, oh, president obama is acting like the guy who is a little bit behind and mitt romney is acting like the guy a little bit ahead, I was surprised at how make at times mitt romney was, he chose not to engage the president hardly at all, I mean a couple of times he tried to do, he did the apology tour hit and got a little bit back and forth there, but it was almost was he too passive? Was he too, I think al put it, it was very similar to obama from the first debate, if you will, and I thought, you know, you want to look at this from a battleround state termsable I thought the most interesting exchange to me that sort of tells you where mitt romney, how mitt romney is doing in the state of hydro was the auto bailout back and forth so the president brings it up and mitt romney decides he has to respond on the auto deal, let me answer a bunch of things and i will pick the auto bailout, a question remember about china. 
>> Rose: Right. 
>> Let me take the auto bailout question. Well, I tell you that to mesa tell that, a, that what is standing in the way of mitt romney and carrying the state of high owe is this perception on where he was on the auto bailout, I thought his answer was probably more confusing today as it has been before when he tried to explain, well actually president obama started the auto bailout and then, you know,, I wasn't for that, I was for in managed -- and he was all over the map but it was one of these interesting tells to me that says, okay, he is really worried about the northern part there, the lake part of ohio if you will, where the auto worker are, they feel good about coal country in romney land, they feel less good about where things stand in and around toledo goo. 

[00:10:53]


>> And that is an important tell. 
>> Rose: Okay. Back to all of you, tina brown is with me here in new york. 
>> Well, absolutely the chuck, to chuck's point about the ohio piece of it, the tell there as well is when he said the second half of that paragraph, he said, you know, because he has been memorizing that, he really has, I thought that obviously obama was tough, pragmatic, very sort of presidential in the way he kept drilling without any posturing which I like very, very much but I don't think that romney was sort of weak and passive I think he was brilliant the way he turned into little echo everything obama said basically on different foreign policies, his goal really was to just look, look presidential as if he knew the world that's really all he has to do in his stance because so much of it is visual and I think he did pull that off, I think when you saw the two of them side by side romney looked like a man who was accomplished and knew the world, it is all sort, sort of pabulum and generalities and quite con convincing convincing and that's all he a had to do,. 
>> Rose: And that is mark halperin's piece, john dickerson, what di you think? 
>> I think governor romney went at the president with a butter knife, it was not -- and sometimes he d even lift the cutlery and it was an attempt to basically, if this campaign is a choice that old line, as the choice and not an echo, well this is a choice election in which romney was an echo of the president, I mean, on syria, on afghanistan, on iran, on the question of mubarek and whether he needed to go, basically on israel, he was with the president was not in this game, he basically let libya go past and I in I the calculation of course was that this is going to be an election about the economy, she being hired on the question of the economy, he needed to, and the question then is, what bar does he need to clear for that secondary attribute? Did he look sufficiently like a command her chief in this debate to get that, to have that not be an obstacle so peoplecan hire him on the economic question and cbs instant poll of undecides afterward the obama was a clear winner, with unpivot lee to 23 but on the question of competence, mitt romney did not do himself a whole lot of good 46 percent thought he could handle the job before the debate and 49 percent afterwards, it was not a huge growth there, the growth was greater for the president, the question is whether the 49 percent is sufficient when they are going to be hiring him on another set of attributes. 

[00:13:20]


>> Rose: Okay. Do we take are this that omni believes he has momentum and he is on his way to winning this thing the way he acted tonight? Anybody? 
>> Yeah, I think he felt he couldn't lose it, I mean he would be much safer by doing the rope a dope way of going about it, to put the gloves up but no go after obama involved in a fight, I think it was one place where obama really did land a punch and that was when he talked about the difference between them as candidates when he had gone to israel and i thought he did that very, very well when he went too the holocaust museum where romney went with his delegates i thought that really communicated and really landed. 
>> Rose: Chuck, back to this, with the question of romney and what he intended to do. He did talk about sort of in a broadway how over the four years things have not gotten better for the united states, the reputation in the world, iran has been gaining more centrifuges and more possibilities in terms of their nuclear capacity. Over a series of things he wants to make the same argument he makes in the economy, that four years later, we are not better off. 
>> Right but then he agrees with the policy that was taken out for instance with syria, agrees with the same p when it comes to more sanctions on iran, freeze with the same policy on afghanistan, so it is this -- look, I think -- i,martha's point when she said boy it seems like he was -- that the romney strategy here was about women, in particular, an making sure that he wasn't spooking suburban women with this idea that there is going to be more military conflict under our republican and there is somehow going to be a return to that so I think somehow there was some strategy ry if you will to borrow a word from previous administrations. >> 
(laughter.) 
>> I want to ga back to the tell, you do feel like the romney folks, but there was also something about the romney tonight, it felt like, I felt like he read the world book, like world book facts, he kept dropping, dribbling in the facts about everything. 

[00:15:30]


>> Rose: Right, right, right. 
>> Almost to say too much so, it came across my colleagues called it a book report at times and it did, idid feel that way. 
>> Martha. 
>> . The he was all over the map, especially, especially in the beginning, quite literally when he started to talk about nolly, wait a minute where is he going with this. 
(Laughter.) 
>> especially after the first question and then he didn't sees on liberty yavment I thought one point where they were in disagreement and they talked about the status of forces agreement in iraq, and whether romney wanted to keep more troops in iraq and wanted more troops in iraq, governor romney talked about president obama wanting the status of forces agreement. He is right. They did want a status of forces agreement. They did want troops to remain there. The only reason they all left is because they couldn't get that status forces agreement. Now I don't think voters all over america are saying, wait, wait, what about that status forces agreement? 
>> I thought it was so dense at times and it was that book report at times and I think people were probably happy when they turned to the economy and started talking about that. We are go not going hear anymore about foreign policy in this campaign. 
>> Rose: All right. Gwen -- 
>> charlie. 
>> Rose: Yes, al and back to gwen. 
>> What is interesting is that both of these guys realize this and they both tried to segue every chance they got to the in i. 
>> Rose: Eight. 
>> And I thought in many instances rom think, romney was prey effective until they got to the auto bailout and that was the one area where I think he really showed again an achilles' heel. >> 
>> vulnerable. 
>> And I don't think that helped him I think it actually hurt him a little bit in ohio. 
>> I think obama was pretty smart to keep on insisting, we have to donation building at home I think tt is very popular, you know, statement, which is to say it is all very well to talk about all of the education and the stuff we are going to do overseas but what about at home. 
>> Rose: Made that quite early. Tom friedman constantly writes about that too. Gwen ifill were you surprised there was not more on benghazi? 

[00:17:30]


>> Hi, charlie, not that surprised because it feels hike if they had a run out of steam on that one at the last debate, you will hoyt that after that discussion that played itself outlast time mitt romney basically stopped talking about it on the stump, he was talking about doubling down on denial the day before and after the debate he seemed to go in a different direction as if they both agreed they will leave that alone for now but it is interesting martha mentioned moll I was interested to see as well here is what they didn't mention, they didn't mention mexico and the drug crisis there, the drug wars going on and the euro crisis or anything going on in europe, they didn't mention india where probably a lot of, a lot more american jobs are being outsourced there than many other places and mentioned no sub saharan country in africa and didn't mention korea, north korea has a program and sanction that ised are up in the air storks much time was spent on israel, secondarily, some time spent on afghanistan and so much time talking about nation building at home that the pivot almost obscured the rest of the debate for long, long stres, it was remarkable in that way. I know you can't talk about everything and every debate, but some of the things that didn't get talk about were kind of noticeable. 
>> Rose: What did you think -- 
>> can I echo that? 
>> Quickly. 
>> I think particularly mexico and europe, because these are domestic issues, these are affecting the -- europe is affecting our economyike nobody's business, and mexico if you live in the state of arizona in the state of texas you are living in drug war and what should america's role be in this drug war? And not a peep. Very disappointing. No talking box talking about europe -- 
>> Rose: But it is if you say it affects the u.S. Economy and the economic recovery. Or lanes the u.S. Economy if they can't get it right. There was also the moment in which the president, romney kept sng look you can attack he but that is not a proposal for the future. Did that score? What was the best line that ronald any had during the evening? Anybody? 

[00:19:35]


>> The -- you can't attack me was clearly his go to line. 
>> Rose: Right. 
>> -- If the president attacked, other than that, I can't think of any real standout lines that governor romney had. I don't think he wanted the zingers, I think he stayed away from that, he was just playing it very safe. Obviously, president obama had a few good zingers, the one about the bayonets and horses when they started talking about nuclear sub reenls that was probably one of the lines of the night. 
>> Rose: Gwen, go ahead. 
>> A load of good lines. 
>> The point that I think there that governor rom think wants to make over and over is that the wor is in greater tumult is the word he kept using than it was when, four years ago, we are closer to a nuclear bomb in iran, al qaeda is back, in fact one of the jesting things about the night is how mild he was the these kind of faults more in sadness than ape anger but if you checked your e e-mail the tweets the campaign was sending out, much harsher, much duffner tone that the governor himself was on the stage and I am sure that was by design. 
>> Rose: One second. I will come right back. 
>> I thought mitt romney sounded naive in this tumt schtick he kept doing when he said the middle east is in flames and all of this extremism, and nothing has been done about it, it is like well what is the president of the united states really supposed to do about all of the extremists? 
>> Rose:. 
>> It is ridiculous. 
>> Charlie -- 
>> Rose: Yes, al. 
>> Charlie I will just say when talking about effective line going to martha's point, the reason that the bayonets and horses line was good, not only a nice line but had some substance to itable when romney says one of the areas he tried to differentiate himself was on defense spending, smallest navy since 1916 that is true but in 1916 of course we didn't have nimitz class nuclear aircraft carrier that can reach targets 1,000 miles away, so I think that is more relevant so I think that is why the line worked. Look, wrong this, I don't think this debate changes the basic dynamics but mitt romney did do a dope a rope and in denver i thought that barack obama did a rope a dope, what they both ignored in the history of rope a dope is, muhammad ali pummelled the heck out of somebody fo eight round before he started rope a doping, these guys did not. 

[00:22:02]


>> Rose: Okay. Let me go to chuck todd, did you see this coming in anyway? > 
>> well, I think it is clear that -- yes, this was clearly going to be the romney strategy and we should give -- romney's best zinger if we will give him one, we know what the obama zinger, is bay hets, it is the putin line when it looked like he was ready to go at putin when he said, you know, you wanted more flexibility and I think the line was he will get more flexibility, putin will get more backbone but the romney absolutely believe ty think if they are ahead or not ahead, they think they are going to be ahead, right? And -- but I tell you if they wanted the commander in chief bar well they cleared the bar but they did it barely, you know, they could have tried to clear it by a lot, which i think candidate obama tried to do against john mccain four years ago, mitt romney hose to barely clear it. 
>> Rose: How would they have done it better, chuck? 
>> Oh, I think it would have been a little bi clearer trying to understand, you know, the basics of when would a mitt romney or romney administration use force? We really don't have the answer to that question. We still don't have the answer to that question. What is -- I thought it was for the first time we did hear, because I have asked romney this question about mubarek and by the way the number rec decision is one of the most consequential decision this is president made and it is going to be a historically a consequential decision, especially if a united states president is ever faced with this in a saudi arabia, frifns, an, for instance, and for the first time when romney hugged him on that I went, wow, because rom at this has come this close to saying I wouldn't have done that, he threw our ally under the bus, right? That has been a talking point of romney and boy not only did he backtrack from that he said you know I would have done the same thing as the president and that one floored me. 
>> So, charlie, one thing about the horses and bayonets line i think al is exactly right, there was substance to the barb, but you know we should just bring in the other, we were talking about ohio let's talk about virginia and the number o recipient of federal money for defense spending, the southeastern portion of the state a lot of ship building going on there, 45 percent of the hampton roads area of the economy comes from defense spending, so romney may have lost it on the policy there, but he may have the politics right in terms of his defense pending. I would also adjust circle back to an issue of women, the number of times that they both talked about rights for women in the middle east they kept coming back to that and then there was clearly an effort to go for women when they went into that 

[00:24:44]


-- that cul-de-sac on domestic policy where they spent quite a bit of time, the number of times that mitt romney talked about bipartisan solutions and then bipartisan solution in massachusetts on education, that was sort of a three-for on the pandering to women front so there was a lot of domestic. 
(Laughter.) 
>> there was a lot of domestic politics embedded into what was supposed to be a foreign policy debeant. 
(Laughter.) 
>> mark and john, how were the romney people spinning this after the debate? >> 
>> they executed their plan, some of our colleagues disagree with the lan but they executed the plan they wanted to, both candidates were trying to do what they always try to do, appeal to both the basis base and swing voters if you look at the reaction of the republican base, romney wasn't fluster and stood up, he pick his spots where he would stand up to the president and disagree, I don't think there is any disappointment on their part he freed with the president a lot and in terms of swing voters as I said at the beginning, the goal was to be reassuring, to show that he could be a commander in chief. An in the trifecta of all three debate, I don't think governor romney had great moments where people said, oh, no this guy is unacceptable. I thought he started surprisingly nervous and i thought. Ter a few answers he found his footing. If this were council on foreign reg council on foreign relations, up or down american idol poll he would be polled, his own foreign policy statements are about as weak and inconsistent and unrigorous as any I have covered in a presidential campaign. I am not sure that that matters in the 90 minutes or in the context of what this election is about as much as tina and I have said on the symbiotics of standing on the stage and looking presidential and playing the part and the president coming hard at him and not backing down. 
>> There is one other thing on the question of reassurance, just to try to put a fine of a point on this as possible. You know, governor romney basically all night tonight said one thing, the overarching theme of the entire debate from his point of view was I would basically have the same policies as barack obama, I just would execute them better. And that goes to one very specific thing which the president obama is the advertising on right now which is, which is the end of the wars. You know we have a country that is a very war wary country and that is not just women but everybody across-the-board and one of the dankers governor romney had in the past because he has been surrounded by some number of neoconservative foreign policy advisor because he made relatively harsh and bellicose statements, chuck talked about the number rec thing an other places where he seemed to be more interventionist and neoconist and steered clear of that by saying I am with the president on the substance of the policy i just would be a better ex-cure of it, I would be a better manager of it the, he managed to maim hick, make himself not seem like a war monk tore put it bluntly and there the standpoint of seeming like a safe .. Pair of hand and doing the kind of reassuring like mark is talking abou not looking like a plausible commander in chief but one that won't plunge scbiews a bunch of foreign adventures and new military entanglements that would scare off a lot of american voters if it seemed he was a risky choice in that regard. 

[00:27:57]


>> I am sure john bolton wanted jump out of the window when he watched this debate, but I think you are right, romney, he came off as wildly forceful. 
>> Rose: You agree with that, martha? 
>> Charlie, the one thing i would say about all of this talk about war, absolutely they wanted to talk about peace, president obama talked about veteran coming home, but if you want to talk about a commander in chief, the country is still at war, we will still have thousand and thousand of troops in afghanistan for the next couple of years, nobody wants to talk about war, but the fact is, we are still at war. 
>> Rose: So what would be the indictment of obama foreign policy that romney did not make, martha? 
>> I don't think he really made any indictment of obama's foreign policy. 
>> Rose: I know. But if he wanted to go down that road, what would he have said? 
>> Well, I think what he would have said is if he would talk about solutions, what are you going to do different? What are you going to do to make things better? Pakistan, what are you going to do to make things better in pakistan? What are you going to do to make the a kwan any network to stop coming over the borders into afghanistan and killing our troops, those are the .. Answers I wanted, I wanted to know about the drone policy, president obama didn't really talk about the drones at all, they never really say drones but you should really ask questions about whether you should be able to kill people without a judicial process, the american public should be able to debate that and I would have talked about that if I were mitt romney to president obama. 
>> Rose: John dickerson -- okay, gwen first. 
>> Okay, two completely different debates, howev, that was a debate that -- that was a two for one policy debate that martha is laying out there, which you actually would have taken, in fact bob schieffer asked mitt romney asked the president about drones but not the president, assuming everybody thought it was a good idea, but that is what this debate was, it was a 47, 47, 48, 49, whatever poll you are looking at backdrop. 
>> Rose: These guys. >> 
>> right. 

[00:29:57]


>> One of these guys wanted to keep it going the way it has been going an that is mitt romney which is to say with the wind at his back and the other guy pretty wanted to staunch any damage and extend a signal to those folks out there who are his supporters to rev them up an get them excited. There were a couple of moment there is I kind of drift away and think to myself, if this same behavior had occurred at the first debate that is to say the president had come out of the box punching and governor romney had laid-back and said i agree with you, how different this campaign would be today, we do not think it would look the same way it does tonight. 
>> Rose: But suppose romney had a very good debahe second debate and then, you know, had played it equally strong tonight? Would he be in a better place than he is? 
>> We are going down that hypothetical, governor romney talked about, I think it is possible, that is how close the race is, it could have been very different. 
>> Rose: I have this for all of yo you used the expression, gwen, romney has the wind at his back, is that where this race is that romney has the wind at his back? That the momentum is with him? Because we know that in races like that, where you are running against an incumbent, if you are the challenger, and undecides generally break if it is this close to the challenger, john? 
>> Well, I think he does have the wind at his back, the question is how strong it is or whether that wind is going to the taper off and then we are in a period of sort of stillness, i mean, I the I that this was, a good debate for the president, he asserted his command of the issues, he looked commanding, remember how bad his leadership numbers were coming out of that first debate. They just didn't think he was a leader and that number has kind of stuck with him in some of the polls, so he tightens things up for him receive and romney doesn't slip back so I think, you know, it is quite tight and one of the jesting things of this debate, of course, between the polls, every other poll than the gallup poll has it basically tied up, there a lot in the romney camp who think we should pay a lot of attention to the goll up there poll, romney behaved as if he believes in that gallup poll he is up by seven and won't do anything risky to alienate people and scare them, so I think that is 

[00:32:07]


-- that is, you know, where i think it still kind of things are leaning in his direction. 
>> Rose: But does playing it safe win elections? 
>> Well he won't play it safe on the economy which is the thing people care about so he plays it safe here so he is not objectionable, and, you know, his opening line, we can't kill our way out of this mess. And then just a constantly returning to a kind of a soft power. When you a earlier about the I didn't critique he could have made of president obama, if you look looked back at the cairo speech, obama's speech to the muslim world, romney talk about in terms of the apology tour, well, if you look at what rahm emanuel said about that speech, he said it was the greatest historic speech in 20 year but it totally reset relations with the middle east and led into a period of peace, well it didn't turn out that way at all so the critique could have been, that you are sort of rosie view of the middle east based on pretty words and not being george bush but not going to fix things and that leads you then perhaps to a libya critique but he didn't want to make that critique but wanted to talk about app politician and move on because the ultimate conclusion of such a line of argument is for the president to then turn and say okay well you wanton stronger so are you talking about war? And that was the line that biden used so often against paul ryan in their debate. A big backdrop to romney will make of foreign policy has to be set against the huge victory that everyone in america knows which is that he did take out osama bin laden, and I think that is where romney -- obama so completely reversed the relationship to the intelligence. 
>> Rose: Romney congratulated him on that very early on in the debate. 
>> Because he has nothing to say about that except well done. 
>> Rose: John? Heilemann. 
>> To come back to your question about, to come back to your question about where the race stand right now and where the momentum is, I think that john dickerson may have overstated where the romney campaign feels things are just a little bit in the sense that I don't think they think they are ahead by seven points but I do think they think that they looked at the nbc wall street journal number an saw the race tied at 47, and they looked at that number and said, you know, 47 is a bad number for an incumbent at this point and they feel like they are making progress across the battle ground states, and lthough that proog is not enormous in the battle ground sates, it is a measure it is measurable and I can't point to right now a state where president obama's position is proving, he is holding governor romney off right now, but the obama campaign is playing defense right now, they have structural advantages and have democrat photographic advantages, they have ground game advantages in some some of these states it may be must have to hold off the momentum that governor romney has in those states and I would still make him a narrow favorite to win, president obama that is, but they are playing defense now, there is like I say not a state anybody can name where president obama is on the march, and so governor romney does feel like he has got the wind at his back and that there is nothing, and i think he will come out of this debate feeling whatever the instant polls and whatever the pundits and foreign experts say there is nothing that happened in the battleground states, nothing that happened tonight that will stop them from making the incremental gains they have been making over the course of the last month in those states. 

[00:35:18]


>> Charlie, if you look at the totality -- 
>> Rose: One second. 
>> Reporting with both campaigns, with independents, analysts, people who worked on other campaigns not directly align with the presidential campaign you would say most of the data and most of the touch and feel, most of our spider sense says rom my is moving and that he may be in a position to win the bulk of the battle brown states, the president has three things he can hook at to say, things are not that dire. One is, he has got a floor, and in most of these states, his floor is pretty high, and his national number is pretty high he doesn't have very much he is not collapsed and them ranking people, number 2, he has got a superior ground game and they are very confident that a lot of these states, even in the state we are no florida theye going to get additional points on banking early votes, banking absentee ballots and turning people out on election day, in a lot of the polls, and the polls can tell you different things but in a lot of the battle ground state polls the president still has a small but they say stable lead and those knee things together are not nothing, but they are fighting the current of most of the other data all of russ getting. 
>> Rose: Okay, but -- 
>> charlie can i. 
>> Rose: Al. 
>> I want to jump in and ask john and mark a question, when i look at that data from battleground states I don't quite free I think new hampshire, iowa, nevada, the president all looks in pretty good shape compared to governor romney, I do think ohio is the ball game, I was out there last week, I think democrats were slightly more optimistic, i think the key, and mark touched on it I want to ask john and mark this because they do a lot more reporting than I do on this, I think the key is whether the infrastructure, the ground game, everything the obama people really have put in place really does give him a little bit of an advantage, some republicans say nonsense, that no way, it is different this time, the obama people say,no we are light years ahead of where we were, I think that in a place like high owe is going to be the ball game and I wonder whaark and john think about that. 
>> Rose: And then I want to go to gwen and john dickerson, go ahead. >> 
>> the it is ball became, it is the enthusiasm gap is not wide because the mechanics on the the democratic side are clearly superior I think they built the biggest thing, the biggest thing that has ever been built if. Here is an enthusiasm gap if the low propensity voters that young people, hispanic voters, african-american voters, single years ahead of where we were, i think a place like high owe is going to be the ball game and what do mark and john think about. 

[00:37:47]


>> Rose: And then I want to go to gwen and john dickerson. 
>> It is the ball became, it is the enthusiasm gapped is not wide because the mechanics is superior for the democrats, i think by every method the biggest thing that ever has been built live is an enthusiasm gap the low propensity voters that make up a huge portion of the electorate the president needs to turn out, young people, hispanic and african-american voters, single women, if their5& enthusiasm is down so, down so low the it doesn't turn them out in efficient numbers the mechanics don't matter, if the gap is lower and that's why appealing to the base is so important, then I think governor romney can overwhelm with inferior logistics the president's superior forces just because his people are motivated to vote to turn out the president. 
>> I agree with all of that and I will just add, ll just add in particular, I think it is true in ohio which is just to say that the ground game that they have there is very, very strong, and it is supplemented by the fact that, and you can't say this enough times, you know, ohio is the one state in america with organized labor is actually argu organized and so on top of the obama campaign's work there, there is a labor turnout machine in ohio that can move the needle and as mark said, as long as it doesn't get swamped and not too big of a disparity in enthusiasm they feel confident about and they have a right to feel confident about and as al said, high owe is the ball game, if romney doesn't win there, it is hard to win the country. 
>> Rose: John dickerson, the ground game? 
>> Well, go ahead, sorry. 
>> No, go ahead. 
>> Sorry I lost you there for just a second, but just in terms of the, you know, we know the democrats va the better ground game in most places, republicans of course would challenge that, because they have to have the better ground game because democrats don't turn out or as well as republicans do, guy back to the early vote ground game means a lot more when we have three weeks to vote, it is just about just making sure people get out on election at a it is make make sure they vote in the first few days they can early vote and if they haven't voted because you can check their names, the name on your list against the name of the secretary of state releases you check if the person has voted if not you visit their house if they don't answer the door you call them, you get them, you drag them to the polls in one fashion or another and that is where ground game really matters, we always hear a lot about ground game and then it kind of doesn't turned out sometimeto be as great as expected but now with early voting in the states, particularly in ohio, that is where it really matters and where the obama team has been intensive, now in other states like virginia, I think the republicans have a better case to make forking with able to fight parity or something close to that with the obama team. 

[00:40:16]


>> Rose: Gwen -- 
>> charlie. 
>> Yes.? 
A. GO AHEAD.>> Rose: No, you zero, go. 
>> I am just going to say, charlie, the other part of this ground game is being able to speak to your base and get them to show up. It is not just putting them in the car and drive them to poll it is getting them to believe in you again so when you saw the president tonight part of what they were doing is speaking to their own crowds and saying this is who i can be e in mitt romney's case he was speaking across the line to the other side, women who are giving him a second or third look after the first couple of debates but in the case of president obama, i don't know if anybody else noticed what he flat out said tonight there will be no sequester, that has been something that president -- that governor romney has talked about repeatedly on the campaign trail he talked about how the president is hurting the defense, is hurting definite, which plays out well in virginia, and he is doing it because of this se questionser the, the across-the-board budget cuts that will take effect at the end of the year and it seem as if the president has been sitting at home watching the tapes and getting angrier and angrier about that argument which is because he is of course a congressional action, not something he has sponsored, between that and the apology tour response, it seems that if the president came low loaded forebear for a couple of things he has been wishing he had a chance to fight back on, each and every time and they went to it even if that was not the question on the table. 
>> To john's point about the enthusiasm gap, though, that affects things I actually do think that romney managed to sort of take out the fear factor in that debate so I don't think that people are going to be as afraid of romney, people who might have been thinking I am going run to the polls and vote against romney may not decide to do that now because I think he did successfully lower the fear factor. You know coopting all of his positions, being mr. Reasonable and mr. Plausible it really wasn't a scary performance so people who are not as engrossed in politics might think well he is not really so bad, I don't have to worry about him. >> 
>> Rose: There is also this idea, everything I have been reading says the america wants barack obama to lay out what he intend to do in the second term, that voters are disappointed, they haven't heard that. But he didn't seem to address that tonight either, and they were using this debate to go wherever they wanted to go, why doesn't he try to meet that tonight, charlie, it is just when people say they don't fine it that nourishing,. 

[00:42:38]


>> Rose: But don't like it or what? 
>> Yes, heard themable, he heard them, he went to manufacturing he did the manufacturing, he did the education, he did the infrastructure, I mean, the real case he should make, but he doesn't want to because hard choices will have to be made by whoever is in office. 
>> Rose: Right. 
>> We live in a time of scarcity, the government is too large, there is going to be a -- a knife is going to be used. Who do you trust when that knife is being wielded? The real estate who is saying I will cut in a way that will not nick any major arteries and the middle class will be largely protected so that the my can grow? But the predicate for that argument is there is going to be a lot of pain coming and you don't want to go into an election saying hey, I am going to sock it to you, they are both ignoring the fact the context for the governing they are going to do is governing in which there is going to be hard choices and pain or those hard choices are going to be brou to us if you believe the fiscal conditions is as dire as people say. 
>> Rose: Do I hear you saying john if you are running for high office you should say to the country, you should elect me because I am going to hurt y 
>> right, yes. It is exactly mondale as you know. 
>> That worked so well for walter mondale. 
>> He did a fabulous job of that and no one ever said -- and of course they all boast about making hard choices, remember when paul ryan was chosen the idea was this is going to be the hard choices ticket. 
>> Rose:. 
>> But no one will articulate what the hard choices are. 
>> Rose: Yes, albert. 
>> Rose: But not pain. Guarantee you you are in tumult when you are in pain. 
>> I will pick up on a point that mark or john made, I get confused, I can't tell which is which but one made a point about the enthusiasm gap that is terribly important if you look at that nbc wall street journal poll which I in I have as credible as any poll in the world because I created it a few years ago, if you look at registered voters obama has a five-point advantage the trick for obama is to take a few of that margin and turn them into actual voters, that's the trick and that's where infrastructure ground game and at least a modicum of enthusiasm I think will determine the ball game. 

[00:44:42]


>> Rose: Mark and john, where does it go tonight? After this debateable and you both seem to say or everybody seems to say while obama may have won but romney pot what he intended to do, he played out and executed his game plan, so if it doesn't have any impact on the race as some people thought it might possibly, what has impact between now and election day? 
>> John? Mark? 
>> Well, look, I mean, one thing, one thing you can't forget, charlie, that no one probably does forget but if they are ever prone to, they shouldn't, is that in this homestretch, barack obama is going to be a better political performer than mitt romney, he is going to give better speeches, he is going to give more rouses speeches he is going to have better crowds, that is not governor romney won't have big crowds but I just don't believe you are going to see the kind of -- this is what his big event in swing states actually matter, because they are not just for television, which they are, but they are also opportunities that the obama campaign uses to mobilize voters, to continue to work their ma on the ground and president obama is going to be in places that the last two weeks he is going to be in swing states with bill clinton, the two biggest names in american politics are going to dramas receive crowds at various places you can just predict it it is going to be true and governor romney may turn out healthy crowds but I find it hard to imagine that you are going to have the same kind of, just as purely at the level of those kind of events, at those kind of numbers of people you are going to have, I believe you are going to have a pretty decent disparity between those two, in fact, that stuff which is normally doesn't matter that much like stunt performance esn't matter that much in the total vote totals but those that are going to be razor close that could make a big difference in my view. 
>> One hinges that may play a role here, is 1:30 second ads that breakthrough, either from the campaigns themselves, super pacs or some of the outside grounds that could make a difference, the other is long form advertising, recall the last time the president had must have to do an hour in prime time, kind of like a documentary. 

[00:46:56]


>> Rose: Right. 
>> I think we will see some long form stuff on cable or maybe even on broadcast that could breakthrough. You may see some endorsements, general powell, somebody dominates the news psyched. >>Able that way and the real thing to decide it if they fer if they think mitt romney is a choice tonight. Coherent on foreign policy, no, but as people start to make this decision do they look at him over the last two weeks as someone who closes strong and a has his voice, that is right, president obama will a better performer, he will have a more rock star feel to them but governor romneys closes in a way the way voters see him now and say you know what? I am willing to take a chance on a different guy or not. 
>> Charlie, let me jump in. 
>> Rose:. 
>> Why mark halperin hates, i don't understand why mark halperin hates the council on foreign relations so much, but decides his anti-council bias, you know the other thing that is possible and it can't be discounted is the possibility there will be some news story that cops out in the next few weeks that has an appreciable ook on the outcome, it doesn't happen that often but you have a campaign in the obama campaign that spent a lot of time doing a lot of research on governor romney, run by matt rhodes the campaign manager there who is by training an opposition researcher, I am not predicting this, I am just saying it is a possibility that one of the two campaigns still has one piece of opposition research in their bag, that they will pull out in the last two weeks and also possible that a story will just emerge organically, you can't forget that in 2000, the story about governor bush is dui actually had an effect at the end, at least if you believe karl rove it actually moved the needle significantly in terms of the popular vote at the end of 2000 and it is always possible a story like that will appear over the next two weeks that will take us all by surprise and actually have an effect. 
>> Rose: John dickerson -- 
>> charlie, I bet -- 

[00:48:58]


>> Rose:. 
>> Let me go to john dickerson. 
>> What does romney have to do? Put it in terms of if obama is going to have all of this sort of superb campaign crowds a everything else and he and former president clinton are going to be sweeping around the swing states together, what is it that governor romney has to do and is part of it simply to create the notion that he has a real chance and that momentum is with him because people want to go with a winner? 
>> Well I think he has to do -- I think he has to basically argue the lines for his, his events are almost as long as the lines at the job fairs, I mean you have to use the weight of the events and all of these -- this, you know, the rock star obama against hi, to argue that yes, he may turn out these huge crowds but you remember the crowds and the rhetoric and the bill clinton and the bruce springsteen at the end and you want four more years of that, that the beauty and the rhetoric of the campaign event which has been said many times, president obama is much better at that, and when he find his voice as he did with his little romney esia he couldn't have been more pleased with himself. And that is, infectious. 
>> Rose: Ha, ha, ha. 
>> That is a candidate that looks like he has the wind at his back and there is something to it in the sense of mojo. 
>> And also the secret sauce it really is. 
>> Rose: Especially if in at the warmed up by bruce springsteen. Go ahead. 
>> And just basically, finally, you know, make the case that all of this, everybody you everything you are going to see he will argue in the final two weeks that looks liken theus yasm for obama will do nothing to improve your life and that is the way, you know, that he has to try and use that against him, because he will -- he won't be able to match what obama is doing in terms of just the theatrics of the final campaign. 
>> Rose: Gwen, what do you think the undecides are looking for? What question do they need answered? 
>> Well, I am like mark, I adore the council for foreign relations, this is why. Here is the thing. This is what debates do and this is how -- 

[00:51:06]


>> Rose: Tina likes it too. 
>> Go ahead. 
>> Is that you can take, you can take the information, debates we now have these three debates under our belts, they are fodder, what these guys said are on the record and you can use them and turn it into an ad and turn it into a live on the campaign trail and I can see romney esia making a comeback on tonight's performance, for instance and if you find a way, either one of them to use what they accumulated from knees debates the way these candidates chose to respond, the things 3 said which were not what they said before, or overstate what this they have done or would do, we heard governor romney on the stump this week saying isn't it a shame the president hasn't talked to you about what is going to happen in the next four years. 
>> Rose: Right. 
>> I think you can see all of that as fodder for the next couple, 14, 15 days, because anything they can do, which can grab the imagination of these unenthused voters and make them say, okay I will go out and vote, that request also turn election, it is so close. 
>> Rose: Al what is the unanswered question right now in terms of where they might be, dine mitchell in action? For example is it something like the future, where does obama want to take us, that kind of thing? Is there something else I am missing here that is playing a vital role in the conversation that will take place between now and election day? 
>> Charlie, I think it is really rather simple, who is going to make life a little bit better for me, a little bit better than it has been over the last two or three-year, who is going to have my back, who is going to protect the middle class? And I think obama as done better than romney on the middle class but he certainly hasn't done well and say here is why it is going to be better for you in the next couple of years, I think the jury is still out among the signaling group of persuadables but that is w he has to do if he wants to go in and I agree with what someone says a moment ago, john dickerson what romney has to do, no it is not going to be better unless you elect me. 

[00:53:06]


>> Rose: Has social media play a big ron this campaign? Do you know? 
>> I think, you know, tapes have, I mean, up more, something. 
>> Rose: The 47 percent. 
>> The 47 percent tape is one of those terminal movement moments that can happen in a campaignness like reverend wright came for obama last time or the bitter gate tape last time but I think these matchups and these kind of sound bites on jon stewart are the things that are the deadly boomerang thing for candidate, more than the social media piece t. It is still the tv clips. 
>> Rose: Thank you for coming, great to have you here. Tina brown from newsweek and the daily beast, thank you, gwen, as always. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Thank you, charlie. Hey, charlie, michelle obama said on the campaign trail the next 15 days is going to feel long. For whom? 
>> Rose: John dickerson, thank you for doing double duty for us from cbs to come over here, as always, thank you. 
>> Thank you, charlie. 
>> Rose: Mark, johnthank you. As always. 
>> Thank you, charlie. Thank you, charlie. 
>> Rose: And albertlast word to you. 
>> We have concluded here, every night that there has been a debate we have been here live holding the fort these have certainly been and industry less than 20 seconds, memorable debates than in the past, have they not? Taken as a hole? 
>> I agree, charlie, they have been among thmost memorable ever and I thank you we have had fund fun on this and yahweh to see halperin at the council for foreign relations. 
>> Rose: I can't wait to see what happens tomorrow, thank you all it has been a pleasure, thank you at home. See you next time. Captioning sponsored by Rose communications Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org 

[00:59:43]


(man) Explore new worlds and new ideasthrough programs like this, made available for everyonethrough contributions to your PBS stationfrom viewers like you. Thank you! 

﻿Title: Clifford the Big Red Dog - Clifford's Hiccups; It's My Party
Description: Clifford's friends help him get rid of the hiccups; the kids become bored at Jetta's movie-watching party.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/17/2001
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

a kid. A ready to learn grant from the u.S. Department of education from the corporation for public broadcasting and by contributions to your pbs station from... Hi! My name is emily elizabeth, and this is clifrd, my big red dog. ?????? Clifford needed emily ?????? ?????? so she chose him for her own ?????? ?????? and her love made clifford grow so big ?????? ?????? that the howards had to leave their home ?????? ?????? clifford's the best friend anyone could know ?????? ?????? he's the greatest dog ever ?????? ?????? I really think so ?????? ?????? clifford's so loyal ?????? clifford! ?????? He's there when you call ?????? ?????? I love clifford, the big red dog ?????? ?????? so they packed up the family car ?????? ?????? and the howards left the city ?????? ??? ?????? they moved to birdwell island and found many new friends ?????? ?????? there to greet clifford and emily ?????? ?????? clifford's so much fun, he's a friend to us all ?????? ?????? I love clifford, the big red dog ?????? 
[laughter] 
[woof] captioning made possible by the u.S. Department of education hic! Whoa! What was that? Hic! Hic! Whoa! Hic! What in blue blazes is that? Hic! Oh! Hic! Goodness! What is that? Hic! [Gasps] whoa. What is that? C! Oh, no! It's clifford! Hic! Hic! Is clifford ok, dr. Dihn? He seems to be just fine. Hic! Whoa-ooh! N-nothing serious. Well, we're glad to hear that. It looks like clifford just has a little case of the hiccups. Hic! Whoa! Whoa! Nothing is little when it comes to clifford. Is there anything we can do, doctor? I'm afraid not. Sooner or later the hiccups will just go away on their own. Hic! Uh, what exactly do you mean "sooner or later"? They could last a few minutes, or they could last for days. Hic! 

[00:03:14]


[Whimpers] don't worry, clifford. No one's ever had the hiccups forever. They'll go away soon. That's right, euily elizabeth. Hic! Hic! Wow. Now, that's a big hiccup. Yeah. He's been doing that all morning. Sheriff lewis says that a great way to get rid of hiccups is to have someone scare them out of you. Hic! Yikes! Hey, clifford! It's us! Come on out, clifford! Hi, guys. We heard about your hiccups, big guy. Hic! Everyone has heard about them. 
[Giggles] it's so strange. Hic! I've never had the hiccups before. Phew! Aw, the hiccups are nothin'. I get 'em all the time. You do? Well... I had them once, when I was a puppy. At least, that's what mrs. Diller said. I don't really remember. Emily elizabeth says they'll go away on their own. I just have to be patient. Boo! Oh, hi, t-bone. Did I scare you, clifford? Umm...Not really. Are u sure? 'Cause sheriff lewis says that sometimes you can scare the hiccups away. Really? Well, maybe I was a little scared. Wow. Hey! Hic! I guess not. But thanks for trying, t-bone. Forget scaring the hiccups away. I know how to get rid of 'em. You do? Hic! Sure. Mrs. Diller says that once you get your "energy flowing the right way" you can cure anything. Hmm. What does that mean, cleo? I dunno. But she calls it "fung shwaying," and I've watched her do it lots of ti does it hurt? Hic! Nope. I just have to move a few things around in your doghouse. Hic! Ok, cleo. Let's try it. Great! You wait here. I'll go get everything ready inside. 

[00:06:00]


[Bang] 
[crash] what is she doing in there? I don't know... Hic! Hic! Buh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh. ...But I hope it works. Ok, clifford. Come on in. Ta-daa! 
[Gasps] wow! Is this gonna cure my hiccups? Yup. You see, by moving everything around, I'm making all your mystical hiccup energy move right past all this stuff-- hee hee hee-- and straight out the front door. Works every time. Hic! Well, it takes a minute to work. Hic! Uhh... I-it's gonna work real soon. Hic! Hic! Hic! I don't think this is gonna work. 
[Humming] hic! Hic! Hic! Thanks for trying, cleo, but emily elizabeth says I won't have the hiccups forever. I just have to wait until they go away. Hic! Aww. I wish we could help, clifford. Aww, me, too. Well, I know how to make the hiccups go away... If anyone's interested. 
All: You do? Heh heh heh. Of course. How, mac? Just come with me, clifford. I'll take care of everything. Great! Hic! Hic! Here we are, clifford. This'll do the trick. Swimming is gonna get rid of his hiccups? Not swimming, drinking. Drinking? That's right. You just drink 20 big gulps of water. Well, ok. Hic! Wait! You have to shut your eyes while you drink. Oh. Ok. Hic! Wait! You also have to hold your left ear with your right paw and your right ear with your left paw. Wo[. That sounds hard. You're making this up, mac. No, I'm not! Are you sure? I'm positive. Uh, guys? Could we go on now? Oh. Heh heh. Sure, clifford. Go ahead and drink the water now. Wait, wait! He can't drink pool water. Heh heh heh heh. Why not? It's for swimming and splashing. You're not supposed to drink it. Are you sure you know what you're doing, mac? Oh, of course I do. Well, it doesn't seem like it to me. Boo! Whoa! I scared you that time, didn't i, clifford? Yeah, you did kind of startle me. Did I scare the hiccups away? Well... Hey! I think you did! Yes! I did it! Wait a minute. You didn't scare his hiccups away. They went away because he did all that stuff that I told him to do. 

[00:10:13]


Cleo: Nuh-uh! I'm the one who made his hiccups stop. What?! What?! It just took awhile for that energy-moving stuff to work. Ha ha ha. Au contraire. I am the one-- 
[all arguing at once] hic! Excuse me. Hic! We're sorry none of us could get rid of your hiccups, clifford. That's ok. You all tried your best. We really wanted to help. You did help! I mean, you didn't make my hiccups go away, but it sure made me feel good that you tried so hard. 
Emily Elizabeth: Clifford! It's emily elizabeth! 
[Woof woof] 
[woof woof woof woof] there you are, clifford! How are your hiccups, boy? Did they finally go away? I don't hear anything. Clifford! Your hiccups are gone! 
[Woof woof] 
[all barking] 
[giggles] I'm so happy for you! 
[Barking] it looks like your friends are really happy for you, too, clifford. It's nice having good friends who care about you, isn't it, boy? 
[Woof] 
Emily Elizabeth: Clifford! It's story time! You want to hear a speckle story, don't you? [Woof woof] I thought so. He's your favorite. Today's story is speckle and the windy day. It was a windy day, perfect for flying kites. Speckle, reba, and ravi flew their kites in the windy sky. Suddenly, speckle was pulled right up off the ground! Off he sailed, over the treetops. Then he soared past some geese, who'd never seen a dog fly before! Speckle was having a very fun adventure. At last, speckle landed safely in a soft, green meadow. Now he wanted to sta on the ground and fly his kite with his friends, so reba picked up some stones and tied them around speckle's waist. That helped speckle to stay on the ground with his friends, so they could all fly their kites together. The end. That was a great story. Isn't reading fun? 

[00:13:37]


[Woof] 
[giggles] 
Vaz: Wow! This is great! Things look kind of different when you're looking through a video camera. Let me look, vaz. Ok. Ha ha ha! Hey, clifford looks pretty good in the movies. It was nice of your dad to let you take his camera to jetta's movie-watching party, vaz. Yeah! I thought maybe after we watch some movies, we could make one of our own. Sounds like fun. I brought my favorite superhero movie to watch. I brought dog of denmark. Oh, I love that movie! Let's watch that one first! Let's hurry to jetta's so we'll have time to watch them all! Welcome to my party, everyone! We've got lots of seats, popcorn and juice, and a tv set to watch our favorite videos on! Great! Let's get started! I'm going to sit here. I'll sit here. Whoa! I like the beanbag chair. Is everyone happy? Yup! Let's watch a movie! We want to watch dog of denmark first, jetta. Is that ok? We all love it. Well, I sort of thought since it's my party, I would be the first one to pick a video. Ok. What do you nt to watch? The jetta show! What's the jetta show? That's what my mom calls our home movies. Home movies? Wait'll you see my first ferry ride. Oh, look. Aren't I adorable? You look really cute, jetta. I think I'm going to like this tape. Yeah. Me, too. 

[00:16:15]


Vaz: Hey! Look at the dolphins! 
Charley: They are so cool! Don't wo there's only a little bit of them, then we get back to me. Don't you just love this? Yeah. Love it. It's great, jetta. Just great. Wow. Look at that. That's the third jetta show movie they've watched, mac. Are there any with you in them? Of course. There's one whole one called the mac show. I'll show it to you sometime if you want. Sure. Sometime. But right now, how about if we play a game? Ok. What do you want to play? I don't know. How about tag? Mmm. We play that a lot. Let's do something else. Ok. Like what? 
[Ruff] how about jump hose? Jump hose? I love jump hose! You want to go first or should i? You turn for me first, then I'll turn for you. Ok! Ready? Uh-huh. Ok, clifford. Here goes! Yes! Oh, that was such an exciting spelling contest. My mom made me a special spelling-bee cake and everything. Oh, watch how big my mom cuts the pieces! Isn't that great? See how daintily I'm eating it? 
[Snoring] 
Jetta: Oh, my gosh! It was such a big piece of cake I could hardly finish it! 
[Giggles] 

[00:18:16]


[WHISPERS] What are you laughing at, Emily? 
Jetta: Here's me taking my first ride in my dad's new car. What's going on? 
[Laughing] 
Jetta: Ahem! What's so funny? We were just looking at the dogs. I'm gonna record it. You're supposed to be watching my movie. You missed the last part! You mean it's over? Great! Now let's watch dog of denmark. ?????? Not yet ?????? we have to watch all the parts of the jetta show. How many parts are there? 25! 
[Both sigh] this one's my favorite. Wait a minute, jetta. You said we were going to watch lots of different videos at this party. It's true, jetta. You told us each to bring our favorite. I know, but I'd rather watch mine. I don't really want to watch any movies. I think we should make a movie of our own. Yeah! Great! This is a movie watching party, not a movie making party. Come on, jetta. It'll be fun. How about we vote on it? That'd be fair. Yeah! Let's vote. All those who want to make a movie, raise your hand. All those who want to stay in and watch jetta's home movies, raise your hand. It's 3 to 1. We go outside. Great! 
Emily Elizabeth: Ok! Whatever. Come on, jetta. No, thank you, emily elizabeth. You're not going to play? No. I'm going to stay here and watch my home movies alone. Come on and try it. If you don't like it, we'll all come back in and watch a movie with you, ok? No, thank you. Well, ok. But if you change your mind, we'll be outside. Don't worry. I won't change my mind. Here I am with famous explorer emily elizabeth howard. What are you looking for today, emily elizabeth? Today we are on the trail of the really hard-to-find big red dogosaurus. See his footprints? He is big! Come on. Let's follow his trail. 

[00:21:13]


Vaz: Wow! This is great! Whoa! 
[Laughs] charley! I remember that pie-eating contest was so messy! 
[Kids laughing outside] hey, I wonder what they're laughing at? 
[Sighs] oh, well. Doesn't matter. 
[Kids laugh] so, famous explorer emily elizabeth, do you think we're getting close to finding the big red dogosaurus? Oh, yes. We're very close. 
[Growl] could that be him? No., That's not the big red dogosaurus. 
[Grrrr] 
Emily Elizabeth: That's the small blue triceradog. 
[Ruff ruff ruff] great! Good job, mac! 
[Kids laughing] why does it look like they're having so much fun? Why couldn't they have fun like that doing what I want to do? I'm gonna go ask them! 
Emily Elizabeth: I think we're getting close now. I sure hope this hard-to-find big red dogosaurus is friendly. Uh-oh. 
Vaz: He looks pretty friendly. 
[Giggles] he is friendly! 
Vaz: But that doesn't look so friendly. Hi, jetta. Are you gonna come and be in the movie now? It's really, really fun! How come you guys didn't like doing what I wanted to do? We did like it, jetta. But then we wanted to do something else. And now we're making a fun movie. What makes this silly game so much fun, anyway? It's fun because we all have something to do in it. Emily and I are the actors... And I'm the director. Even clifford and mac have something to do in this game. It's just more fun when everyone is part of the game instead of just one person telling everyone what to do. Was I doing that? Sort of. I'm sorry. I just thought everyone would love doing what I told them to do. So, do you want to be in the movie, jetta? You could be an explorer with me. Ok! Only I don't want to be an explorer. I want to be the beautiful jungle princess who rescues everyone from the big red dogosaurus. Sounds good to me! That sounds cool! Yeah, only someone better tell clifford he's supposed to be scary. Oh, clifford! 

[00:24:27]


[Laughing] come on, everyone! Let's play! Whoo-hoo! Yay! Hooray! Whoo hoo! Yay! Yay! Clifford and I know that it's nice when friends play together, and nice when they work together, too. And that's why clifford's big idea for today is work together. What a great day. 
Cleo: Yep. But it's time to go home now, so we better clean up. It's gonna take forever to clean this up. No, it won't, not if we all work together to get it done. That didn't take long at all. And it was kind of fun, too! It's always nice when friends work together. It gets the job done in no time at all. ! And that's why clifford's big idea for today is work together. Ch Hi, there. Dot here. Creative kids just like you have been making cool things at pbskids.Org. Take a look. Melissa, a pbs kid just like you, sent in this story with these great pictures. You can do it, too, but first let's see what melissa made. Great story, melissa. You can make a story like that, too, by going to pbskids.Org. Now let's hear one more from kyle. That was fun. You can do great things, too, at pbskids.Org. 

[00:26:41]


Announcer: Do you love stories? I can't stop scratching. For something really fun... Never fear, super t-bone is here! And you want to play and dance... Nice moves! Join clifford and his friends. You're gonna be great. Catch clifford the big red dog. Remember, it only takes a little to be big! 
Announcer: Did you know your pbs kids friends are the best around? But how can we test that? Just watch them every ekday. You bet! Come on. Can't be late. Hooray! Yay! Catch all your pbs kids friends weekdays and anytime you want at pbskids.Org. Clifford says he's the best red dog on your block. Visit your local library to discover all kinds of books, both big and small. 
- Dig up more fun with clifford and his friends at pbskids.Org. Clifford is funded in part by... 
>> Chuck E. Cheese's, proud supporter of PBS Kids. Helping kids discover that families and fun go hand in hand. PBS Kids, where a kid can be a kid. A ready to learn grant from the u.S. Department of education from the corporation for public broadcasting and by contributions to yr pbs station from... 

[00:29:41]


- Hi, neighbor! Today is Fruit Picking Day! We're going to the Enchanted Garden to pick fruit. And then, we're going to help my Dad build a playhouse. We have a lot to do today. I'm glad you're here. Be right back! ???????????? It's a beautiful day in the 

﻿Title: Cops - Las Vegas, Nevada
Description: Alleged battery incident at a convenience store; man refuses to leave a rooftop; stolen vehicle pursuit.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/27/1997
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Look at saavni venna, asian indi about 21-pound and last seen wearing a white dress with pink flowers. If you have have any information about this little girl disappearance contact the upper merion township police or fbi, karen. 
>>> Thanks, stephanie. 4:29. Let us get over for some good enthusiasms with sue serio. A look at our weather, sue. 
>>> We did have a marvelous weather day. Today will start out that way. We will expect a few clouds in the end of the afternoon but not a big deal. Maybe a stray shower or two. But let's start off with yesterday and the high temperature was 69 degrees. The didn't quite make it to 07 but we were close enough. Normal high 65 and it was a gorgeous autumn afternoon. Just loved it. 

﻿Title: Cuban Missile Crisis -- Three Men Go to War
Description: The inside story of the Cuban Missile Crisis features profiles of President John F. Kennedy, Cuban Prime Minister Fidel Castro and Nikita Khrushchev, First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 8:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

That once the wa there would be no stopping it. "Cuban missile crisis: Three men go to war" starts right now on pbs. possible by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. 
John Kennedy: We happen to live in the most dangerous time in the history of the human race. 
Man: I can so vividly remember my first flyover of cuba when I coasted out over corpus christi, texas. And I could see the yucatan peninsula over to the right, just as the sun was breaking over the horizon. I could really remember this picture in my mind of the island of cuba and how beautiful it looked. And I remember the thought in me, "this beautiful place on earth is dangerous to me." 
[ Explosion ] 
Reporter: The amount of energy generated by a nuclear explosion is enormous. 
Man: The world almost came to an end in october of 1962. It's not fiction. It's not speculation. It almost happened, and in fact, in terms of probability, it shouldhave happened. 
[ Man speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: This would have been the beginning of a nuclear world war, of which no one would have come out as winner. The majority of the population of the soviet union and the united states, and maybe the whole planet, would have died. 
Man: We always said that we would go to the brink. And here we were, to the brink, and then we didn't know what the hell to do when we got there. It was a terrible time. Believe me. 
Reporter: There is almost total destruction from blast and heat. 
[ Man speaking spanish ] 

[00:02:00]


Interpreter: It's true that it was a dangerous moment, and maybe later, with time, one realizes that it would have been ald disaster, catastrophic. 
Reporter: These are the most dangerous... 
Man: We have to know everything about the cuban missile crisis to be sure that we don't go down that path again. 
Woman: It is humans, who are not perfectly rational, who respond to stimulus in unpredictable ways -- those people were deciding the fates of humankind. 
Narrator: Personalities of the three leaders are at the heart and soul of the cuban missile crisis. All three believed that once the war started, there would be no stopping it. There were roughly enough nuclear weapons, or enough nuclear power, at the time, to erase human civilization a thousand timesndver. 
Man: I received a fateful phone call from the president the morning of tuesday, october 16, in which he asked me to come and talk with him in his office immediately. And that was the first day of what historians now call "the most dangerous 13 days in the history of mankind." 
Man: The first inkling that the soviets have missiles in cuba COMES FROM U-2s, HIGH-ALTITUDE SPY PLANES, 70,000 feet above the earth. 
Man: When they found the site, they didn't know what missile it was. And so they call me. The photo interpreter said, "it's longer than the surface-to-air missile." I showed the photo interpreter a photograph taken in the streets of moscow of the ss-4 in parades, and he said, "that's it." And he said, "you're sure?" And he said, "that -- that's it." 

[00:04:09]


Sorensen: It was a surprise. It a shock. It had been secretly and swiftly done. You have to understand, john kennedy, who was a man of few words and not a display of emotional anger out of control -- "they lied," he said. He said it grimly. 
Brugioni: All during the crisis, I prepared the briefing boards and the notes that were used to brief the president. I was one step, in a sense, from the president. And-and-and-and I had to be right. 
Man: The u-2 photographs of the soviet missile bases are a huge surprise, and also an embarrassment. Kennedy had made it clear, publicly and privately, that there was a line that he had drawn. Khrushchev should have understood that. And he didn't. And why did he do this? Did he not understand that he was risking war? This is a story of men and not of governments. 
Man: Khrushchev was in his 70s. Kennedy was the youngest president in american history. Khrushchev was the son of a ukrainian peasant, and kennedy was the son of a millionaire. They were on completely different planets. Kennedy believed he had the ability to charm people, and khrushchev was really the first leader that kennedy had met that he was unable to charm. 
Man: On the one hand, you know, there was nothing illegal about the soviets' putting missiles into cuba. The united states had put missiles into turkey. Those missiles were essentially on the border with the soviet union. Khrushchev has his own motivations. He wants to erase the psychological advantage that the united states has in having these missiles in turkey, so close to moscow, by having missiles in cuba that are just a few miles off the coast of florida. Khrushchev sees kennedy as a pushover, thinking that this young u.S. President won't have the cojones, as the cubans would say, to stand up and resist this initiative, scary as it is, by the soviets. Khrushchev is proven wrong. Clearly, he did not know john kennedy like he thought he did. We forget about iron curtain. On each side, it was a different vision of the world. Absolutely different. It was "soviet union, evil empire," from american perspective. But it was, "united states was evil empire," from the soviet perspective. 

[00:07:21]


Dobbs: When kennedy first learned that the soviets had deployed their missiles to cuba, he was outraged. The question was not, would they accept it? It was how they were going to get those missiles removed. 
Naftali: When kennedy is considering an air strike, it's not clear how precise the bombing will be. And you're dealing with nuclear weapons. What if onemissile gets launched? One nuclear missile could kill hundreds of thousands of people. One. 
Woman: The generalmbalance is the ratio of 17 to 1 between the united states d the soviet union in deliverable nuclear firepower. But it all depends on, how much damage are you willing to sustain? What's unacceptable for you? And for the american administration, even one nuclear warhead on a major city 
-- new york, washington, chicago, any major city -- would be unacceptable damage. 
Man: The soviet union, you know, would be destroyed, and we would only lose a third of our population. 
[Laughs] You know, when you think of someone thinking, "only lose a third of your population, and you've won a war," you know, you've sort of left the world of reality. 
Savranskaya: The story is amazing, the story of deception. Under the nose of the u.S. Intelligence, the soviets were able to transport close to 42,000 military personnel, innumerable amounts of ammunition, nuclear missiles, to cuba. The deployment is an incredible military feat. 

[00:09:42]


Sergei Khrushchev: There's no success military operation without secrecy. My father thought, what he have to do. "We have to send very powerful signal to americans, 'don't invade cuba. We are serious.'" 
Man: Cuba seems to have the same effect on american political leaders that the full moon once had on werewolves. We may not froth at the mouth, but we simply can't deal rationally with cuba. 
Dobbs: There was a revolution in cuba led by fidel castro in 1959, and in 1960, castro declared cuba to be a socialist state allied to the soviet union. Cuba had been a playground for americans. They would fly down there, they would go gambling. The night life was wonderful. The beaches were wonderful. So it was kind of seen by many americans as an extension of the united states and as a legitimateextension of the united states. We had been expecting the invasion since the end of 1960. The logic of the relationship between cuba and the united states obviously led anyone to believe that there was going to be some sort of invasion. Cuba was ready to fight. Castro saw kennedy as a significant threat to the very existence and future, not only of the cuban revolution, but of cuba itself. He is convinced that the kennedy brothers, being the competitive men that he understands them to be, people who hate to lose, will eventually try and overcome their loss at the bay of pigs by invading cuba again, this time openly, with the u.S. Military. That is why he accepts the idea of having these missiles on his territory and the danger that came with it. 

[00:11:53]


Savranskaya: Khrushchev likes castro a lot. It was a lot of early love dynamic -- infatuation, flirting, but not completely trusting each other yet, trying to kind of feel each other out, trying to establish the boundaries of the relationship. 
Wayne Smith: Castro may have liked the idea of having the missiles on cuban soil -- it certainly turned cuba into a major player in the strategic game -- but castro recommended that they nottry to do it secretly. He pointed out the difficulty of that. The u.S. Has u-2 spy planes overhead almost every day. Wouldn't it be far better to do it openly? Let's sign a new mutual defense agreement. 
[ Camera shutters clicking ] 
[ man speaking spanish ] 
Interpreter: Fidel was never in favor of putting the rockets in secretly -- never. We had the right to defend ourselves and to have the arms that we needed to defend ourselves. Even if those arms were nuclear and 90 miles from the united states, we had the right to do it. But khrushchev wasn't in favor of that. He said, once we had all the rockets here, the united stes would know about it and would be able to do absolutely nothing. That was a big mistake. 
Man: From october 15th until october 22nd, john kennedy kept the existence of these missiles in cuba a secret. 
Sorensen: We knew what the russians were up to. So long as they didn't know that we knew, we might have time to plan our response. J.F.K., That first morning, asked of us every possible option he had. Military options, every possible diplomatic option, even the possibility of doing nothing at all, though he himself felt that the country would not stand for that. 

[00:14:11]


Man: The cuban missile crisis presented kennedy with a very acute personal challenge, where none of his glamour, his od looks, his religion, his rhetoric, none of the previous virtues, if that's what they were, that went into the kennedy success story applied any longer in the cuban missile crisis. He couldn't count on any of those. And he's left all alone, with a system that's producing all kinds of hot-headed advice. 
Kornbluh: The nemesis of john f. Kennedy during the cuban missile crisis IS THOUGHT TO BE GENERAL CURTIS LeMAY, The gruff and grumpy general, who really wanted to just blow cuba to smithereens. 
Brugioni: When lemay was asked, what would he do with cuba, he said, "i'll fry it," and he meant it. 
Man: Lemay and all the chiefs -- all four services -- want to go to war. This is what they do. Tense. You know, it had never happened before. The people in the white house weren't the most experienced in the world. The joint chiefs weren't the most flexible. So there were weaknesses everywhere one turned. 
Sorensen: The joint chiefs opposed the blockade 

[00:16:12]


-- in particular, a negotiated solution. They thought we should go in and hit the russians with everything we had, as one of them said. Sounded pretty good, sounded pretty tough. 
Naftali: Kennedy asked his top air chiefs, "can you assure me that a u.S. Air strike would be surgical, go and knock out all soviet missiles?" And they tell him, "no, sir. "There's a high probability we get most of them. "There is a possibility of some people "in the southeastern part of the united states dying in a nuclear attack." 
Kennedy: So it finally comes down to, no many how many advisors you have, frequently, they are divided, and the president must finally choose. ON OCTOBER 22nd, AT 7:00 P.M. EASTERN DAYLIGHT Time, president kennedy gave the scariest speech ever given. I defy anybody to find one that scared more people more profoundly than that speech. 
Alzugaray: We knew it was going to be about cuba. It was going to be about cuba, and it was not going to be good. 
Sergei Khrushchev: They announced, "the president will speak with the nation." I asked my father what it will be about. He told, "i think that they discovered the missiles in cuba." 
Kornbluh: Up until that moment, they thought they had gotten away with the secret deployment and implementation of these missiles in cuba. But at that moment, this plan is exposed. 
Sergei Khrushchev: He asked the members of the soviet leadership to come to kremlin, and there, they waited what president would say. If they declare invasion, it will be very dangerous. 

[00:18:26]


Savranskaya: They all expected kennedy would announce an attack. And what khrushchev says during that session is really interesting. He is not his normal flamboyant, "we will bury them" kind of guy. He says, "well, we will respond if they attack. But that might mean a big war." And you can see thate is really grappling with the possibility of a real nuclear war. 
Kennedy: Within the past week, unmistakable evidence has established the fact that a series of offensive missile sites is now in preparation on that imprisoned island. To halt this offensive buildup, a strict quarantine on all offensive military equipment under shipment to cuba is being initiated. 
Sorensen: I tried to put some language in the speech that indicated that we were prepared to do what we had to do if we had to do it, but we preferred the blockade, which, in effect, put the ball in khrushchev's court. It shall be the policy of this nation to regard any nuclear missile, launched from cuba against any nation in the western hemisphere, as an attack by the soviet union on the united states, requiring a full retaliatory response upon the soviet union. Pretty chilling line. And these actions may only be the beginning. Thank you, and good night. 
Sorensen: Both sides were on that ladder of escalation. 
Kornbluh: Kennedy's speech has a number of purposes. One is to define the issue as the united states sees it. The soviets have committed an act of aggression. They have done it deceitfully and deceptively, so their motivations are suspect. But his second purpose is to send a message directly to the soviets very quickly, faster than it would take to send a diplomatic note thatould have to be translated. 

[00:20:52]


Naftali: This is a different era. FOR THE 21st-CENTURY VIEWER, It's very important to understand the limits of technology in this period. 
Dobbs: Communications were very iffy, both between cuba and russia and between washington and moscow. On the one hand, this was the age of the sputnik, telstar satellite communication systems beginning to be introduced, but they were still dependent on very rudimentary forms of communication. The soviet ambassador to washington remembered that when he wanted to send a message back to moscow, he would have to summon a messenger from western union, who would appear on his bicycle. They would hand him the telegram, the man would cycle away on his bicycle, and they would hope that something wouldn't happen to him between him leaving the soviet embassy and reaching the telegraph office, where the message was sort of laboriously typed in, sent across the atlantic, and then decoded on the other side. The whole process took 12 hours, which, you know, by the time the message arrived, the whole situation could have changed. 
Blight: The cia told the president that they were reasonably convinced that not one nuclear warhead had arrived in cuba. I think the number that had arrived is 162. 
[ Speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: Modern history knows only two cases of the use of nuclear weapons -- the american bombing of the cities of hiroshima and nagasaki. The capacity of the nuclear device that was used then was between 13 and 20 kilotons. If we compare this with the capacity of the devices that were deployed in cuba, they were 70 times to 140 times more powerful than that. 
Reporter: The quarantine went into effect at 10:00 a.M. Eastern daylight time. Would russn trips try to run the blockade? And would our navy sink them? ?????? It all starts somewhere ?????? ?????? it all starts with one ?????? ?????? everything comes from something ?????? ?????? it all starts with one ?????? ?????? it all starts somewhere ?????? ?????? it all starts with one ?????? ?????? nothing comes from nothing ?????? ?????? it all starts with one ?????? ?????? starts with one ???????????? ON OCTOBER 24th, THE AMERICANS IMPLEMENTED The blockade. The soviet ships were still heading towards the island. 

[00:23:42]


Kornbluh: Dozens and dozens of u.S. Naval ships are going to be positioned in international waters in a perimeter around cuba. Tensions build as these ships come closer and closer, and the concern becomes a confrontation between the u.S. Navy and the soviet navy at sea. Unbeknownst to kennedy and his advisors, there are nuclear-tipped torpedoes on the soviet submarines that are accompanying the soviet ships. 
[ Man speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: Sure, there are no secrets here. We had all the standard weapons, the full standard set, and at the last moment, they loaded a special weapon onto our submarine 
-- one nuclear torpedo -- although nobody seemed to know what sort of thing it was, what was it like, and what should we do with it? That was for the first time during the whole existence of the navy that a weapon could be used just on the order of a submarine commander, a nuclearweapon. 
Naftali: The success of moscow's operation depends on the deception never being uncovered. Khrushchev thought that the americans would not detect the missiles until they were up and operational. So you'll have these submarines sent out, without proper preparation for a quarantine or for a confrontation on the high seas. 
Man: The forces under my command -- that is to say, under the command of the president -- are ordered to interdict delivery of offensive weapons and associated material to cuba. Those are the instructions we've been given. Those are the instructions we will carry out. 

[00:25:48]


[ Ketov speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: There were quite a few moments when we could have used the weapons, quite a few. I didn't have any doubt about using it. I would have done it easily. News arrived at the excomm that at the last moment, the soviet ships had turned around, and dean rusk, the secretary of state, famously said that we were eyeball-to-eyeball and the other side just blinked. That moment never actually took place. 
[ Man speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: When they announced the introduction of a sea quarantine, when kennedy ordered the u.S. Military vessels to start the blockade of cuba, khrushchev simply got profoundly scared. And he ordered our ships to stop and not to cross the quarantine line. 
Blight: Useful to keep in mind here that all during the cuban missile crisis, HUGE NUMBERS OF ALL THE B-52s IN THE UNITED States air force are circling the perimeter of the soviet union, carrying humongous bombs. Imagine if you're khrushchev and knew that the united states air force is now circling like a wolf ready for the kill. I mean, it would have been terrifying. 
Naftali: He had the missiles, and he had the warheads there. He didn't have all the missiles he wanted, but he had enough. The white house is getting conflicting signals, and obviously they don't have a direct channel to khrushchev. On the one hand, they do see that some ships are starting to turn around. That, they can pick up. On the other hand, work is continuing on the missile sites. So where arethe soviets? Is there one soviet government? Is there a struggle in the soviet government between hawks and doves -- as indeed there was in the u.S. Government at the time? They don't know, and they can't know. Well, what's happening is that khrushchev is calibrating his risks. He decides he's not going to risk the big missiles on the high seas. Those aren't going to make it to cuba. But he hasn't given up on his major gambit. 

[00:28:15]


Man: The mood was somber -- they've certainly realized the danger -- but it was also defiant. 
[ Man speaking spanish ] 
Interpreter: The people were calm, in the sense that we weren't going to allow the americans to come back over here. If they disembarked here, they were going to find the people on the warpath. 
Naftali: Castro is getting angrier and angrier and angrier. He's angry because kennedy starts launching low-level reconnaissance. He wants even better coverage of cuba. 
[ Jet roaring ] and these planes come in really low, just above treetops. First of all, it's a reminder of american power. And it's a signal that, if the yankees want to attack, that's not hard. 
Man: We came across the missile sites so fast and so low that I'm sure that we took them by surprise. I remember seeing personnel down there, I remember seeing the actual launch pads that they had prepared, lots of vehicles and buildings and warehoes and storage areas and a lot of camouflage netting. 
[ Jet plane roaring ] 
[ fernandez speaking spanish ] 
Interpreter: They were flying very close to the ground, and you could even see the pilot faces. But there was no order to fire. Neither the cubans nor the soviets had orders to fire. Obviously, nobody can tolerate a situation like that. 
Coffee: We could have used fighters and strafed those missile sites. We could have attacked them with low-level bombs as well. But they never knew that. We just -- we just took pictures... And watched them all run. 
[ Jet plane roaring ] the commander of the squadron took the developed film, and the very next day, our ambassador to the united nations, adlai stevenson, used that film, those pictures, those prints, to prove to the world, starting right there in the u.N., that those soviet missiles existed in cuba. Do you, ambassador zorin, deny that the u.S.S.R. Has placed and is placing medium- and intermediate-range missiles and sites in cuba? You will receive the answer in the due course. I'm prepared to wait for my answer until hell freezes over, if that's your decision. We will set up an easel here in the back of the room, where I hope it will be visible to everyone. Wow -- I mean, they were really down there. I mean, they were really close, I mean, they could have identified people. 

[00:30:53]


Stevenson: San cristobal on the island of cuba, southwest of havana. The purpose being, whatever we would have to do, I mean, if we would attack cuba to get them to remove the missiles, or go in and destroy the missiles, we wanted the rest of the world to understand that we had good cause, and that there was no way that we were going to live with intercontinental ballistic missiles 90 miles off of our coast, which could reach any of our major cities in the united states. 
[ Speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: If the americans had crossed the fatal line that divides peace from war, a terrible tragedy could have hpened. 
Dobbs: The united states were not aware about the presence of tactical nuclear missiles on cuba. They were short-range weapons. Their purpose was to deter an american invasion. Had the americans invaded, there would have been a very big risk of nuclear weapons' being used. Once you'd had soviets' using a nuclear weapon against american troops, what would the united states have done in retaliation? 
Naftali: As the second week progresses, the level of anxiety increases. Push is about to come to shove. 
Dobbs: October 27th became known as "black saturday," because, of all the 13 days of the missile crisis, it was the most dangerous. Things began happening that neither khrushchev nor kennedy had predicted and that they didn't fully control. 

[00:32:53]


Sorensen: One piece of bad news after another. When we began our meeting that saturday morning, passed around the table was a letter that had come in from khrushchev the night before, and this one was personal, emotional. It meandered around a bit -- nevertheless, buried among those threats and denials were some hints that he wanted a way out. 
[ Explosion ] 
Savranskaya: Khrushchev was now feeling very vulnerable. He also feels personally responsible for the whole gamble. You can see that he is really grappling with the possibility of a real nuclear war -- looking into what is happening and envisioning those mushroom clouds. 
Sergei Khrushchev: It was not edited, it was just what he felt, how he felt to the world, to the future of our countries, and how he was worried that we can make the first step and destroy everything. He realized full impact of the nuclear war. He was very scared about this, especially because he learned from the second world war, and he told me many times, he watched documentaries, read stories, watched films. It is nothing close to the reality. The reality is much more bloody, much more dangerous, much more dirty. We have to avoid with any way we can. 
Sorensen: We sat at the table, trying to figure out how to answer that letter, and then a second letter came in. This one wasn't personal. This one sounded as though it had been drafted by the military presidium in moscow. It demanded that, before they take any action at all, wetake nato missiles out of turkey. 

[00:35:18]


Natali: Americans couldn't figure out why there seem to be two different khrushchevs. There was the khrushchev of the first letter, and there was the khrushchev of the second. The second, which is read over radio moscow, sort of upped the ante. It's not enough to promise not to invade cuba. Now the united states has to dismantle some missiles of its own. 
Man: Why does khrushchev write two letters? He thinks he can push for a better deal. 
Naftali: The white house reacts by thinking that maybe khrushchev has lost control of the situation, thus making it much more dangerous. 
Kornbluh: John f. Kennedy was under intense pressure. His military generals were saying to him, "the longer you wait, "the more operational these missile silos will be. We need to launch this attack now, mr. President." 
Dobbs: Jack kennedy was in a minority of one. Everybody else in the room was saying that you cannot take this deal that khrushchev is offering you, this implicit exchange. Kennedy was the only person in the room who really was determined to explore that exchange. So how to answer that second letter? Or shouldwe answer the second letter? While we're... Sitting there, debating that, another report comes in. 
[ Russian music playing on radio ] a u.S. Air force plane had been sent up from alaska to test the atmospre, to see if the soviets had been testing their nuclear weapons. 
Dobbs: Chuck maultsby is a reconnaissance pilot. His job was to collect samples. As luck would have it, on black saturday, maultsby makes a huge navigational error. He's blinded by the aurora borealis, and, instead of making a 180???? turn and coming back to alaska, he rolls out in the direction of the soviet union. At the most tense time of the missile crisis, he blunders into soviet territory. 

[00:37:38]


Man: If you're flying over the north pole, every direction you turn is south. And so he's flying south on the moscow south. And the sun doesn't come up when it's supposed to. And he says the famous words, "o.S." And he says, "well, what do I do now?" Well, he's over the landmass, the soviet landmass, on the 27th of october. The soviets are looking at him. You know what they think, don't you? 
Dobbs: Maultsby hears russian music over his radio, figures out that he's over the soviet union and not anywhere near alaska. He's finally turned around, pursued by soviet MiGs. He doesn't have any fuel. He just makes it back across the bering strait. 
Sorensen: There was a moment -- a grim moment of silence around that table. "There's always one son of a bitch," he said, "who never gets the word." I later learned that was an old navy saying. Maybe he heard that. We didn't think it was too funny. 
Naftali: This is a moment of extreme tension. 
Sergei Khrushchev: My father repeated all the time, "we have to prevent the first shot. "After first shot, the control of situation will shift from our hands" -- his and presidenkennedy's, politicians' -- "to the military, and they will decide our fate." 
[ Speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: The situation was escalating. And when, on 27th october, we received an order to dig individual trenches for ourselves, to take cover when the bombing started, we understood that it smelled of trouble. 

[00:39:44]


Blight: Fidel castro has gone to the russians and said, "you've got the surface-to-air missiles, "THE SAM-2s, ALL OVER THE ISLAND. YOU CAN SHOOT THOSE U-2s DOWN." The russians on the island are like, "yes! Because we're going to be just as dead as these cubans "if they're scoping us out and they're going to drop these precision bombs and so forth." 
Savranskaya: The soviet military on the island, when they expected to fight and die in a nuclear war, they were more attuned, they were more allied, with castro than with their russian leadership. 
[ Man speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: Fidel castro was very good to us and came a few times to see us in the garrison. Fidel was young, handsome, and full of fervor. He would give three-hour speeches, and we would be so inspired by his example that we weren't afraid of anything. 
Sorensen: The military had extracted an agreement at the beginning of the crisis. Any attempt or sucss by the soviets in shooting down american spy planes would be met by u.S. Retaliation bombing the soviet surface-to-air missile site that had done the shooting. OH, MY, THE -- ON OCTOBER THE 27th, The most horrible day in my life... Get word that one of our flights, u-2 flights, was late, indicating that maybe problems had developed. 
McIlmoyle: We all knew the danger. I mean, we all knew that it could happen. Our rule was, we flew sequentially. We all got the same number missions, weren't exposed to danger any more than any other person. And a guy named rudy anderson, who was my boss, got scheduled to fly the mission. 

[00:41:45]


[ Man speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: Naturally, after everything had happened, I thought and re-thought it thousands of times. But a task is a task, and you have to do it well, as well as you can. I just happened to be at the end of this chain. It was given number 33. Target number 33. Events started to develop from the moment the target was detected. The division commander started worrying. Something had to be done. Another couple of minutes, and the target would leave the hitting zone. Eventually, the order came. Target 33 is to be destroyed. After I had pressed the button and the missile was launched... There was a tropical downpour. The sky was completely overcast. All the trenches were half-filled with water. So, you know, it's the breaks of the game, I guess. 
[ Ryapenko speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: We understood very well what a complex thing it was to shoot at a flying plane, especially with a man on board. But every soldier is destined to carry out his task at a certain moment, and this is what happened. But a war is a war. 
Sergei Khrushchev: When the u-2 plane was shot over cuba, my father was very nervous, because it was just sign that, yes, military can make the decision, not with authorization moscow. 

[00:43:56]


Blight: Alex johnson, the deputy secretary of state, said, "russians have drawn first blood. Now's the time to go, mr. President." He was a dove. Kennedy's head is in a vise. And I think for a period of time on october 27th, When he first discovered that shoot-down, he didn't know how to get his head out of it. 
Brugioni: I called my wife, and I said, "if I call you again, put the kids in the car, and start out for missouri, where my parents live," because I was convinced that we were going to be bombing cuba on monday. There was an operation plan that the site that shot down our u-2 should be destroyed. And there were planes ready to do it. And they pressed that point on that grim saturday afternoon, october 27, saying, "let's do it now!" But kennedy knew, once again, that will start the war. And he said, "me enough for that later. Let's wait and see how the correspondence turns out." 
Kornbluh: Tensions were very, very high. Cubans were digging holes and preparing for the worst. They thought their country was going to be invaded, attacked, obliterated. Invasion plans were massive and uncompromising. The invasion was code-named "operation raincoat." And it essentially involved raining bombs down upon cuba. 
Alzugaray: We were prepared to die. I don't think in cuba, people thought that there would have been any other outcome. As a matter of fact, there was a joke -- with time, there would be -- where cuba was, there would be no cuba, no land, and only a marker in the sea, saying, "here was cuba, the thumb of imperialism in the western hemisphere." 

[00:46:02]


[ Siren wailing ] 
Naftali: It becomes clear to castro that moscow and washington are communicating with each other, and moscow is not letting castro know. There's no consultation with the cubans. So fidel is thinking, "wait a second. "I let the soviets put missiles here. "Now I'm the center of world politics. "Our future is at risk, and moscow isn't telling me anything." That anger leads to one of those dramatic moments in history that even the best novelist couldn't devise. It's a long night spent with the soviet ambassador, and over sausages and a lot of beer, he wants khrushchev to know that if moscow decides to launch a strike against the united states, even if the consequences of that strike would be the decimation of cuba, fidel supports khrushchev. "We are willing to sacrifice ourselves for the socialist cause." 
Alzugaray: Fid had two puoses in his letter. Onwas to tell nikita khrushchev, "listen, if you're worried about us, don't be worried -- we are ready to pay the price." The second purpose was, "we have to guarantee victory." The logic is, you strike first. 
Blight: Khrushchev received it and was heard to say, "this is insane! He has lost his mind." Quote, "fidel is trying to drag us into the grave with him." 
Dobbs: Khrushchev takes it as evidence that castro is beginning to get a little unhinged. Castro's gambit actualackfired. 
Sergei Khrushchev: It is the responsibility of the leaders at the time of crisis that you have to take all the responsibility and youhave to make the decision. You,kennedy, not excomm. You,khrushchev, not the central committee. 

[00:48:09]


Naftali: The two statesmen, however much they were committed to peace, might have found themselves at war. You hear him on tape saying to his advisors, "you know, how am I going to tell the world "why I'm going to war, "when khrushchev has offered me something "that really doesn't cost very much? "We don't really like the missiles in turkey. "They're old missiles, really quite useless. "And they're provocative. How can I go to war --" because he knew the next step was war -- "how can I go to war to defend this missile system? "The world will never accept it. "They'll say, 'why didn't you just trade away those missiles? You didn't believe in them, anyway.'" but most of his advisors didn't agree with him, and ultimately he decided that he was going to just ignore them. 
Kornbluh: He sent his brother, robert kennedy, to talk to anatoly dobrynin, the soviet ambassador to washington, to say, "we will secretly swap the obsolete u.S. Missiles "aimed at the soviet union from turkey "if you withdraw the missiles from cuba. "We will not admit that we agreed to a swap. "And we will not do it at the same time. But we will dot -- you'll have to trust us that we will do it." 
Naftali: It's the night of october 27th, black saturday. Kennedy felt that if this didn't work, he'd have to order the invasion of cuba. 
[ Thunderclap ] 
Sorensen: Bob mcnamara has often said he went home that night thinking it might be the last sunset he would ever see. 
[ Jet plane roaring ] 
Blight: Really scary, because there's nothing you can do except wait. 
[ Clock ticking ] 

[00:50:13]


Alzugaray: That night, somebody asked me, "what about a nuclear war? What happens if we are attacked tonight?" And I said, "believe me, we don't have to worry very much. We'll see a flash, a big flash, and then we will be dead." ?????? Said the night wind to the little lamb ?????? ?????? do you see what I see? ?????? ?????? do you see what I see? ?????? ?????? way up in the sky, little lamb ?????? ?????? do you see what I see? ?????? ?????? do you see what I see? ?????? ?????? a star, a star, dancing in the night ?????? ?????? with a tail as big as a kite ?????? ?????? with a tail as big as a kite ???????????? 
Reporter: This is radio moscow. Premier khrushchev has sent a message to president kennedy today that his government has ordered the dismantling of weapons in cuba as well as their cratings, and return to the soviet union. 
Reporter: The world seems to have veered off, at least for the moment, the collision course toward global annihilation. 
Sorensen: When I woke up sunday morning, I turned on the radio at my bedside. And there, on the radio, was the news that the soviet nuclear missiles were being withdrawn under public inspection. I couldn't believe it! Thunderstruck with happiness, relief. 

[00:52:23]


[ Kurrinoy speaking russian ] 
Interpreter: When we discovered that an agreement had been reached between khrushchev and kennedy and that our troops were being withdrawn, we were over the moon. We had completed our mission and come out alive. We were glad to be going home. 
Kornbluh: Nikita khrushchev agrees to withdraw the missiles, first and foremost, because he has a secret deal that the united states will eventually withdraw its missiles from turkey. And this will change the psychological equation of the balance of power, and s he got something he wanted, secretly, something he could tell his generals was a good reason to withdraw the missiles from cuba, and deal with the embarrassment in the eyes of the world of retreating. And so the missile crisis came to an end. 
[ Childr laughing ] 
Savranskaya: Fear saved the day on october 27th. Khrushchev's fear and kennedy's fear. Both of them experienced this existential, basic, primeval fear of nuclear war and actual destruction of the civilization as they knew it. 
Naftali: How interesting that khrushchev did not make a big deal about the jupiter concession. How easy it would have been for him to say, "well, I forced the americans, "i scared them so much, I forced john kennedy to go to the turks and take away missiles from the turks." He didn't do that. Khrushchev kept his word. The soviet government kept its word. It promised not to go public with this, and it didn't. Never -- and it didn't. It's an amazing part of the story. 
Sergei Khrushchev: Who won? Everybody won, because we're still alive. We're very lucky that both in white house and kremlin, we have politicians not like, "first shoot, then think," they're politicians who first think, then think second time, and they decided not to shoot at all. Personality counts for an enormous amount. At key moments in history, personality can make the difference, and I think the cuban missile crisis is one of those times. It's quite possible that it could have ended in a nuclear war, with less controlled, less responsible people in the white house and the kremlin. Next time on Secrets of the Dead, October 1962, everybody's got a nuke in their pocket. One spark would set it off. 50 yea ago the world teetered on the brink of nuclear destruction. It could have very well ment the end of humanity. But one Soviet refused to push the button, "You may be captian of this ship but I am Commander of this fleet and you need my permission." On Secrets of the Dead, next on most PBS stations. For more information on "cuban missile crisis: Three men go to war," VISIT pbs.org. This program is available on dvd. TO ORDER, VISIT shopPBS.org Or call us at 1-800-play-pbs. ?????? It all starts with one ?????? ?????? it all starts somewhere ?????? ?????? it all starts with one ?????? ?????? nothing comes from nothing ?????? ?????? it all starts with one ?????? ?????? starts with one ???????????? possible by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. 

[00:59:43]


Announcer: Coming up on "secrets of the dead"... October 1962--america and the soviet union, face off in the waters between florida and cuba. 
Man: Everybody's got a nuke in their pocket. One spark would set it off. Announcer:50 years later, the stunning revelation that the world was closer to 

﻿Title: Curious George - Curious George, Plumber's Helper; Curious George Takes a Hike
Description: George causes a water problem when he tries to fix a clogged drain; Bill and the Man with the Yellow Hat get stuck on a ledge.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 11/21/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

years, there. Helping you choose the right shoes. Stride rite is a proud sponsor ofcurious george. believe curiosity can fuel a lifetime of learning. Abcmouse.Com early learning academy, proud sponsor of pbs kids and curious george. Funding forCurious George is provided by contributions to your PBS station... Ooh. ...and from: 
?????? You never do know what's around the bend       Big adventure or a brand-new friend       When you're curious like Curious George       Swing!      Well, every day       Every day      Is so glorious       Glorious   George!    And everything       Everything      Is so wondrous       Wondrous      There's more to explore when you open the door       And meet friends like this, you just can't miss       I know you're curious       Curious      And that's marvelous       Marvelous      And that's your reward       You'll never be bored       If you ask yourself, "What is this?"       Like Curious...       Like Curious... Curious George.     ??????
Oh... Captioning sponsored by NBC/UNIVERSAL Hmm. NARRATOR: George had grown tired of the same old bathtub frog and boat races. (groans): Eh... He needed new tub toys. Hey! (footsteps sloshing) 

[00:02:02]


(clears throat) Huh? Done with your bath, George? (chatters) Well, then please get back in the tub. You're puddling. (chatters) (splashes) This was George's box of stray stuff, none of which had ever been played with in the tub. Hey! (laughs, chatters) Ah. (bubbling) Huh? Eh...! None of this stuff made for exhilarating monkey tub action. This disappointing bath was over. (chattering) 

[00:09:21]


too much carpet. Uh-huh. (indistinct conversation) The food court reminded them of Pisghetti's. (lion growling) (George chattering) Once again, the lions were too loud. Finally, next to the T-Rex, the band found a perfect spot. (playing gentle song) Nice! Is it the dinosaur that makes us sound so good? George knew it wasn't the dinosaur. It was the size of the room, no carpet on the floor, and the height of the ceiling. This is a little tune we wrote called "Hooray for George." 
?????? He's furry, he's sweet, quite light on his feet       He's got a smile for you and an holafor me       We don't know what he'll say, but he'll brighten your day       With a big monkey grin, well, he can show you the way       So hooray for George, bravo, viva!       You clap and I'll sing, let's make this song really swing       So hooray for George, bravo, viva!       Nothing beats the spunky that a monkey can bring       He likes all our songs and he bounces along       We have so much fun that we can hardly go wrong       So when it's time to play, we give a great big ol??!       He's our number one fan and we all want to say       Hooray for George, bravo, viva!       You clap and I'll sing, let's make this song really swing    

[00:11:22]


   So hooray for George, bravo, viva!       Nothing beats the spunky that a monkey can bring       Nothing beats the spunky that a monkey can bring       Nothing beats the spunky       That a monkey can bring.     ??????
(song ends, crowd applauds and cheers) All right! Hey, where can we see you play next? We don't really have a place to play, not since they tore down the bandstand. All: Aw... Hold it, hold it, hang o This band is unique. If George is your number one fan, then I'm your number two, which is why I've just decided to build a new bandstand, and I'd like you to perform on opening day. Really? Okay, it's a deal. (applause) Thank you, thank you, and welcome to the all-new Glass Bandstand. (cheering and applause) Please welcome Lobos de Plata. Hit it, George. (barking) (Hundley barking) Thanks to the new bandstand, Lobos de Plata sounded great, even when Hundley joined in. Boy: George is a monkey. He tried to find a good-sounding place to play music with Marco. Today we're going to talk about sound. You say "Hey!" Hey! Teacher: The sound makes the waves in the air. Girl: And we are trying to find the best place to record reading. Boy: We want to find a place that is quiet and has no loud echo. (echoing): Hey! The word is echoing. The stairwell had too much of an echo. (echoing): Hey! Then we listened to the kitchen. The noise is coming 

[00:13:22]


from over there, so this is not a very good room to record. Teacher: And then there's another group going into Tina's room. Hey. Boy: There's no echo or noise. It's perfect for recording. Girl 2: "Then the mother bunny sat down. "She saw something and George saw it, too. Something went..." (George hooting excitedly) (laughing) (hooting excitedly) Narrator: It was George's first spring day back in the country... (chuckling) ...and already he was starring in a movie. Hiya, Mr. Renkins. (chatters "Hello") Hi, Bill, George. Okay, George, you go in first and see if there are any baby ducks running around. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. (hooting enthusiastically) I'll follow with my camcorder. (laughs) This will make a great scene for my science project about baby animals. This is Bill, bringing you baby ducks live from the Renkins' barn. Oh... (puzzled chattering) (puzzled chattering) Hey! We're in luck. The ducklings haven't hatched yet. They're still inside their eggs. Huh? (chatters curiously) Sure, George-- look. You and me and other mammals come into the world as babies. But birds-- ducks, for example-- come as eggs. Oh. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. Yep, Dumpling's babies will hatch from these eggs 

[00:15:25]


as long as she sits on them to keep them warm. Huh? Sprout's honor, George. If she doesn't sit on them, they'll get cold and never hatch. Oh. (groans) My battery died. I'll have to get another one. Don't let the eggs hatch without me, okay? (chatters "Okay") Ah... (chattering) (quacking) Huh? (chattering) Where was Dumpling going? She was supposed to be keeping her eggs warm. (grunting) (grunt (quacking quietly) (chattering urgently) (quacking angrily) Sheesh. Uh-oh. (chattering urgently) (George panting and chattering) (chattering urgently) (quacking angrily) (groans) (chattering anxiously) (grunting) (puzzled chattering) The eggs were still warm, but if Dumpling didn't come back soon... (sighs) George decided that if Dumpling wasn't going to sit on her eggs, he'd have to do it. (chattering anxiously) Carefully. Whew. (chatters quietly) Well, sitting on a nest, hatching eggs, is actually pretty boring. (sighs) (gibbering) BILL: Thanks for loaning me a battery, sir. No problem. I think that's great you're filming a duck hatching. Oh! (chuckles nervously) (chatts "Hi") 

[00:17:25]


This I've got to get on tape. Bill here, bringing you a first-- a city kid sitting on a nest of duck eggs. George, why are sitting on a nest of duck eggs? (chatters excitedly) (quacking) (chattering) Aha! It looks like he's trying to keep Dumpling's eggs warm. Uh-huh. (cracking) Huh? George: Ooh! (gasping, hooting) Wow! I don't believe it. A duck is hatching right before my very eyes... on camera. Uh, Mr. and Mrs. Renkins, you don't want to miss this. Your ducks are hatching. Both: We'll be right there! (quacking) Ooh. George: Ooh! (laughs) (cheeping) LL: You saw it here, folks-- a city kid hatched a duckling. Well, look at that. Isn't that amazing. (quacking) 
?????? Ta-da!   ??????
(cheeping) (quacking) (Bill gasps) All the eggs are hatching. (high-pitched squeal) (all cheeping) (duckling cheeping, George chattering) Oh, it thinks you're its mother, George. Yeah, you'd better get that tyke back to his nest so he can get to know his duck mom. (ducklings chirping, George chattering) (ducklings chirping, Dumpling quacking) There's the proud mother Dumpling Duck and here's the fourth duckling being reunited with its family. 

[00:19:27]


(duckling cheeping) Uh-huh... (cheeping) Aw... (chuckling, chattering) (quacks) (angry quacking) (chuckles) Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. (cheeping) Did the duckling think George was its mother? Quack, quack. Quack, quack. (nervous chattering) (duckling squealing, cheeping) (George chatters, hoots) (laughs): George... what are you... Hey! (muffled cheeping) (laughing) No, no, no, no... (laughs) Ooh, be-be... be careful, little fella. (chattering) (cheeping) George had to set this duckling straight. His mother was a duck, not a monkey. (chattering) (cheeping) Maybe we'd better go home, George. I'm sure your little duckling will be a regular duck family member by tomorrow. (cheeping) (duckling continues cheeping) (George sighs sadly) Don't worry, George, your duckling will adapt. This is Bill, signing off until tomorrow. (beep) The next morning, George was eager to see how his duckling wa doing with his new duck family. Here we are on day two of... The Duckling Chronicles. (ducklings cheeping) Look at that! The fourth duckling is with its... Oops! Spoke too soon. (cheeping) (George chattering) (yells) (chatters) (chattering) (laughing) Bill: The duckling still thinks George is its mother! Georgehad to show the duckling 

[00:21:28]


that monkeys are one thing and ducks are another. (hooting) See? (chatters): And you... Quack, quack. Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack. (chuckles) You make an excellent duckling, George. (happy cheeping) This was getting nowhere. George decided to try another approach. (cheeping) Farmer Lifemagazine? How is that going to help? (hoots) George wanted to show the duckling that in a typical duck family there aren't any monkeys. (chattering) (quacking) (cheeping) That wasn't working, either. (quacking) Maybe if George showed him how to act, the duckling would get the idea. (cheeping) BILL: It looks like George is trying the "make like a duck" maneuver. (quacking) (happy squeal) (gasps) (George chattering excitedly) Uh-oh. (panting) (excited chattering) (cheeps) (yells) (George yells) (panicked cheeping) (quacks) Help! (yells) (excited quack) (panicked cheeping) (quacking excitedly) (cheeping continues) 

[00:23:31]


(quacks) (George cheering) Hooray for the Dumplings! Oh. I should get this on tape. Bi You're watching Dumpling Duck saving her baby like only a mother duck can. (cheeping) (quacks) (cheeping) Bill: And so t ducklings were brought together by this daring rescue-- andby the kid from the city who helped to hatch them. Fantastic! (laughs) (laughing) Aw... (giggles) (chatters) (quacking on TV) (ducklings cheeping) (gasps) Bye! (squeals) (excited cheeping) Aw... (cheeping) This is Bill... and the city kid... George: Bye-bye! (laughs) Bill: ...bringing you one totally happy ending! Girl: George is a monkey. He learned how a mother duck raises ducklings. Oh, geese and ducks! Where, where, where, where? Boy: Well, today we're looking at the ducks. Girl: Some of them are ducklings. The mother just woke up her ducklings. We've been finding out what ducks do. Girl: We saw them! There, there, there, there! Girl: It's called mallard duck. Mallard. Mallard duck. Boy: Mallard, yeah. Girl: Ducklings follow their mother most of the time, and that's, like, how the duckling that hatched always folled George around. He got followed everywhere. Girl: I think we must have looked like ducklings, 

[00:25:33]


'cause we were following Evan's aunt. Oh, I think I see some ducklings over there! There is. Yeah, there are some ducklings! Girl: I think that the mom duck is trying to keep the ducklings safe. I think I see the dad. See right there with the green head? (gasps) (giggles) Girl: These guys are much smaller. I think they're much younger. When they first hatch, they're very fuzzy. Rl: They look so cute up close. Boy: They're looking for food. Boy 2: Yeah, they're looking for food right now. The mother's showing them how to look for food. They're dabbling ducks. It means... they just put their beak on the surface of the water. They don't go, like, deep, deep under. Girl: Sometimes they duck their head underwater to look for food, or maybe they look on land. (gasps): Oh! And they're actually searching for food and worms. She took them on to land. GIRL: Nature is fun to watch, because... you could learn new things and new facts. 
?????? You never do know what's around the bend       Big adventure or a brand-new friend       When you're curious like Curious George       Swing!      Well, every day       Every day      Is so glorious       Glorious      And everything       Everything      Is so wondrous       Wondrous      There's more to explore when you open the door       And meet friends like this       Like Curious...       Curious George!     ??????
(hoots, laughs) Announcer: It's sid the science kid! Ooh, now that's using your brain. Hmm. I thought your brain was just for thinking about stuff. Announcer: "Sid the science kid," weekdays on pbs kids or watch anytime you want at pbskids.Org! (George chattering excitedly) 

[00:27:34]


This program was made possibl pby: >> Chuck E. Cheese's, proud supporter of PBS Kids, solutes all the parents who know stepping up and getting down with their kids is a fun way to help keep them active and fit. PBS Kids, where a kid can be a For over 90 years, Stride Rite's been there, from the first wobbly walk to the first day of school, helping you choose the right shoes. Stride Rite is a proud sponsor ofCurious George. Funding forCurious George is provided by contributions to your PBS station... Ooh. ...and from: Can't get enough monkey? To find Curious George and his friends every day online, swing by pbskids.org to play fun games and watch your favorite videos. You can also read more Curious Georgeadventures by visiting your local libra 

[00:29:45]


"Word girl" is made possible by... 
>> ?????? I'm a whirlibird...  ??????
>> Chuck E. Cheese's, proud supporter of PBS Kids, solutes all the parents who know staying active with their kids is fun 

﻿Title: Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood - Fruit Picking Day; Daniel Is Big Enough to Help Dad
Description: Prince Wednesday wishes he weren't so little; Daniel helps Dad build a playhouse.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/18/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

The Richard King Mellon Foundation. Dedicated for over sixty years to South Western Pennsylvania's quality of life, and competitive future. And by these Pittsburg foundations. Working together to enhance and enrich the lives of children for more than seventy-five years. And by The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations. Dedicated to strengthening America's future through education. adcasting, and contributions to your PBS station, from viewers like you. ?????? ?????? A beautiful day for a neighbor ?????? ?????? Would you be mine, Could you be mine ?????? ?????? Won't you be my neighbor? ?????? 
- ?????? It's Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood?????? ?????? A land of make-believe ?????? ?????? Won't you ride along with me? ?????? 
- ?????? Ride along ?????? 
- ?????? It's Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood?????? ?????? So much to do, so much to see ?????? ?????? Won't you ride alonwith me? ?????? 
- ?????? Ride along ?????? 
- ?????? I've got lots of friends for you to meet ?????? ?????? In this land of make-believe ?????? ?????? A friendly face on every street ?????? ?????? Just waiting to greet you ?????? ?????? It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ?????? ?????? A beautiful day for a neighbor ?????? ?????? In Danieliger's Neighborhood???????????? 
- Hi, neighbor! Today is Fruit Picking Day! I hope we get to pick strawberries. Do you like strawberries? They are my favorite fruit. 
- Hi, Daniel! Are you excited to pick fruit for the whole neighborhood? 
- Yes! I can't wait! 
- Me neither. 
- Hi, Trolley! - Hello, Trolley. Here we go. - Trolley, please take us to the Enchanted Garden for Fruit Picking Day. You're going to love it. 

[00:02:02]


- ?????? We're going to the Enchanted Garden ?????? ?????? To pick some fruit Won't you ride along with me? ?????? 
- ?????? Ride along! Won't you ride along with me? ?????? 
- Here we are! - Thanks, Trolley! - Bye, Trolley! 
- I can open the garden door, Dad. I just have to press 3 red roses. Count with me! One... two... three! Whoa! Amazing! Hi, Miss Elaina. Your fruit hat looks yummy! 
- Thanks, Toots! It's got my faaaavorite fruit on it! 
- Your hat has so many fruits. Which one is your favorite? 
- ALL of them! Cha-cha-cha! 
(laughing) 
- I see Prince Wednesday! Hi, Prince Wednesday! - A royal hello! 
- Ahem! My family and I would like to welcome everyone to Fruit Picking Day! (cheering) Yes, yes! I declare that today we will pick... juicy red cherries! (cheering) And... crunchy green apples! (cheering) And... 
- One special golden pear! 
(cheering) 
- Let the fruit picking commence! 
- Huh? - Commence is a fancy word for... begin! 
- Ok, Toots, I'm going straight for the special golden pear! 
- Daniel, Daniel, Daniel! Let's find some red cherries! - Ok! (laughing) We need to find some cherries! Which tree has the cherries? Look! Way up in that tree! I see cherries! 
- Let's try to pick one! - Let's go! Here I go! Whoa! 

[00:04:09]


- C'mon, Prince Wednesday! You can reach! 
- Almost got it! 
- Did you get a cherry? Did you get a cherry? 
- Nope. No cherry. 
- I can try. Reach the cherries! 
- Did you get a cherry? Did you get a cherry? 
- Nope. No cherry. 
- We're not big enough to reach the cherries! 
- Does somebody need a big brother? - Thanks. But I wish I was big enough to pick a cherry myself. - You know what I learned when I was a little prince? ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
(laughing) 
- ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- But...what am I big enough to do? - Well... whoa! You could help me... carry these cherries! 
- Got them! 
- Phew! Thanks. - Look, Daniel, we're both big enough to hold cherries! 
- And I know another thing you're big enough to do. - What? 
- Take the cherries over to Dad! - Oh yeah, we're big enough to do that too! Grr-ific! 
- Here are some cherries! Boop-she-boop-she-boop! 
- Excellent work! Now, will you kindly collect some crunchy green apples? 
- (both): Ok! 
- Hiya, Toots! I haven't found the special golden pear yet... 
but I think I'm close! - (both): Good luck! 
- Hmm... now we need green apples. They are my dad's faaavorite! Which tree has the green apples? There! That tree! 
- Oh yeah! Let's try and reach the apples! Here I go! 
- Reach for the apples! - Apples! Let me try something else. Ahem! I, Prince Wednesday, royally command you apples to come down from that tree! Please? Pretty please? (sighing) 

[00:06:21]


- Grrr... We're just not big enough! Do you ever feel like you are not big enough to do what you want to do? 
- I wish we were bigger. I wish we were really really big! 
- Ha, ha, ha! Heeey, that gives me an idea! Do you want to make believe with me? Let's make believe that we are really, really big! ?????? Here I am, grown-up size ?????? ?????? Reach the fruit way up high! ?????? ?????? Here I am, as big as a tree ?????? ?????? Give my friends a ride Whoopee! ?????? ?????? Here I am, up in the sky ?????? ?????? Wave to the airplanes that fly by! It's great up here! Way up high! ?????? Wasn't that grr-iffic? 
- These green apples are my favorite! Coming through! Whoa! 
- Got it! - Good catch! Whooooooa! - Got it! 
- Hey, you two are really fast! - We weren't big enough to pick the apples, but we are big enough to catch the apples! 
- ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough do something! ?????? - Heh, heh, heh! 
- ?????? And we're big enough to carry apples to King Friday! ?????? 
- (all): Together! 
- Hello, hello, hello! Here are the apples! Boop-she-boop-she-boop! 
- Wonderful! All we need now is my favorite... 
- The special golden pear! 
- (both): The special golden pear! - I'm on it, Toots! 
- Will you help us look too? Will you? Let's go! Looking, looking. Hmm... Oh! Hey, do you see that? There's something shiny under these tree roots. - Oh! 

[00:08:31]


It's... It's... - (all): The special golden pear! 
- It must have fallen off the tree! Oh no! My hand is too big, it won't fit! 
- You are too big to get the golden pear? 
- I am tobig. Prince Wednesday, ahem, do you think your hand can fit? - I don't know... 
- Try! - Try it, Toots! - Ok, here I go... I can fit my hand through the roots!e I can feel the pear! 
- I think I can do it! I've got it! 
- Good job! - Tiger-tastic! - Boomer-ific! 
- ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? Like reach the golden pear! - Let's go give it to King Friday! 
- Alrighty! Do you want to carry it, Miss Elaina? 
- Do I?! So special... I'm carrying the special golden pear! Dun-da-da-da! Here's the special golden pear. Hurray! - Boop-she-boop-she-boop! 
- So, which one of you found it? - Well, Daniel found the pear, I reached in to get it, and then Miss Elaina carried it to you! 
- I'm glad you were all big enough to do your part! 
- Now... everyone, please march your way over to the banquet table, for our Fruit Picking Day Feast! Hurray! (cheering, humming) 
- Yum! - Yummy! - Marvelous! Fantastic! - Delicious! ???????????? I just love being my size ?????? ?????? Because little kids do big things ?????? ?????? I can lie in the green grass ?????? ?????? And make friends with all the ants ?????? 
- ?????? I just love being my size ?????? ?????? Because I can sit on someone's lap ?????? 

[00:10:32]


- ?????? Because everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- ?????? I can hide behind the bushes ?????? ?????? When we play hide and seek ?????? ?????? I can thank my mom for loving me ?????? ?????? With a little kiss on her cheek ?????? 
- ?????? Because everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- ?????? Everyone is big enough! ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ???????????? Yeah! 
- Let the fruit eating commence! 
- Commence is a fancy word for begin! 
- Mmm! - Yummers! - Delicious! 
- Thanks for helping me find all that fruit! You were big enough to help me. What else are you big enough to do? I'm big enough to do this. Ugga Mugga! 
- When I walk around my house I see cool things to do. My sister drives a car. My dad fixes the garden. Mom hangs things on the wall. They say I'm too little. Everybody is big enough to do something! I could help unpack the car. I could help Dad plant his garden. 

[00:12:33]


- If you see any big rocks, we don't want to put them in there. 
- I help my mom keep things straight. Everybody could do something! 
- Hi, neighbor! Just wait until you see what my Dad's doing. Follow me! Ha, ha, ha! Tada! My Dad is building a playhouse! Dad! My playhouse looks grr-ific! 
- Thank you, Daniel. Hi, neighbor! - Is it all done? 
- Nope, I still have to put the door on the house. See? - Ohh! How will you do that? - Well, I'll use my hammer. 
- Can I do it? Can I use the hammer? 
- Aw, I'm sorry, Daniel; I don't want you to get hurt. A hammer is a grown-up tool. You're not big enough to use those yet. 
- Oh. I'm not big enough. - But... ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? How about you help me by holding the door? - Ok! - Ok, little helper tiger, let's tie this on! - ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? I'm big enough to hold the door! - Holding the nail, and here we go with the hammer. And, now another one. 
- All right. Will you give the door a try for me? - Open! Helloooo! Close! Goodbyea, ha, ha! Yup. The door works! - Grr-ific! Now we need to paint the door. What color door do you want? - How about... red, just like on our real house? 
- Ah, greathoice. - Ok, I'll go get it. Hmm... which one is the red paint? There it is! 

[00:14:40]


- Thanks, helper tiger. - Am I big enough to paint the door? 
- You sure are! I'll do the top, and you do the bottDeal? 
- Deal! - Heh, heh, heh! - This is cool! ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint! ?????? - ?????? Paint, paint-a-rooo ?????? 
- ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint, paint, paint ?????? (laughing) 
- I looooove paint. Heeeey! Do you want to make believe with me? Let's make believe... that we could paint with our whole bodies! Ha, ha, ha! 
- ???????????? Paint, paint, paint, paint-a-roo-do-doo ?????? ?????? Paint, paint, paint just me and you, do-doo ?????? ?????? We can paint with our hands, we can paint with our feet ?????? ?????? Just painting with friends is such a treat ?????? ?????? So let's get together and paint a rainbow up in the sky! ?????? 
- ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint ?????? - ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint ?????? 
- ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint ?????? - ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint ?????? 
- ?????? A rainbow in the sky! ???????????? Yeah! Wasn't that grr-ific? Painting here! 
- How's it going down there? - Tiger-tastic. I'm done painting. I did the whole bottom of the door. - Good work, Daniel! You didn't miss a spot! - Grr! 
- Now let's get the blue paint for the window. 
- Ok! I'll get it. I'll get the blue paint. Pa-pa-pa-pa! Where is the blue paint? There it is! Here you go, Dad. Can I paint some blue too? 
- You sure can. Paint away! - ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint-a-rooo ?????? ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint-a-roo ?????? (laughing) 
- Ok, now we need some yellow paint for the doorframe! 
- Ok! I'll get some yellow paint. Where is the yellow paint? There's the yellow paint! Here you go, Dad. - Thank you. (humming) 

[00:16:52]


- ?????? Paint, paint, paint, paint-a-rooo ?????? 
- Now, let's see. Have we got everything we need? 
- I think so... Oh wait! My playhouse needs a doorbell! Ding dong! Ding dong! 
- Of course! I mean, what would you do without a doorbell? I mean, really! - Ha, ha, ha! Can I add the doorbell all by myself? 
- Ah, I need to use my screwdriver, and that's a grown-up tool too. 
- Another grown-up tool? Does that mean I can't be your helper tiger anymore? - Nope! After all... ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? And you're big enough to help! - ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- Hmm, let's see... I'll need a bell. - I'll get it! Where's the bell? There it is! Bell! - And my pencil. 
- Where's the pencil? There it is! Pencil! - And finally, the glue. - Glue! Uh oh... no glu 
- No glue? Oh, will you please be my helper and go find the glue? I think I left it in the kitchen. - Ok! ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? And I'm big enough to find the glue! You can help too! Do you see the glue? There it is! Mom? Hi, Mom! I need the glue for Dad. 
- Oh, well I'm using it to fix this cabinet door. In fact, would you mind helping me for a minute? - I can help you! I'm a helper tiger today! Did you know at, Mom? (giggling) 

[00:18:55]


- You are a helper tiger! Now, will you hold the door open while I put on the handle? - Sure, Mom, I'm good at that! 
- Ok, now I'll use the glue, put a little dab on it there, and then I get the handle, and almost finished... whoops! I dropped the handle. Now, where did that thing go? 
- I see it! All the way down there! 
- Hmm, my hand is too big to reach under there! - I can help! My hand is just the right size! 
- Thank you, Daniel! 
- Holding the door! 
- And see, the glue kept the handle in place and now I use the screwdriver to put the screws in. There. - You're a good fixer, Mom. (giggling) 
- And you are a good helper! ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- And I'm big enough to help fix a cabinet. 
- Yes, you are! Now, here's the glue you needed! - Thanks. Dad! Dad! Got the glue! - Thank you, my helper tiger. Now hold this for me, ok? 
- Ok. 
- You see, the glue will hold the bell in place while I use the screwdriver. Finished! Ok, give it a ding-dong! I mean try. - Yeah! (Ding dong!) It works! Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong! 
- Helloooo? Is somebody at the door? - Me! 
(laughing) I'm at the door of the playhouse Dad built! 
- Oh my, it is a wonderful playhouse. Nice job, Dad! 
- And nice job, Daniel! You were a great helper tiger with the playhouse. 

[00:20:57]


- And you helped me with the cabinet door. 
- ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- And you were big enough to help in so many ways! That's my tiger. 
- ???????????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- ?????? You can help build a playhouse by getting my tools ?????? 
- ?????? I can reach in spaces that are too small for you ?????? 
- ?????? You can choose the color and paint half the door ?????? 
- ?????? If you pick me up I can paint higher than before ?????? 
- ?????? 'Cause everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? 
- ?????? You can help me bake a cake by mixing up the batter ?????? 
- ?????? If you have a spill I can help clean up the splatter ?????? 
- ?????? You can help water the flowers with the hose ?????? 
- ?????? I can put away the dishes, just show me where they go ?????? 
- ?????? 'Cause everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ???????????? 
- Hey, I know something else I'm big enough to do... play in my playhouse! Ha, ha, ha! Playhouse, playhouse! I love my new playhouse! 
(Ding dong!) Someone's at my playhouse door! Who iiiiiiissssssss it? - Hi there. 
- Hi, Dad! Want to come in and play? - Well...err... I'll try! 
- Daaad! You're too big to fit in my playhouse! 
- Heh, heh, heh! You're right! I guess... ?????? Everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? And I'm big enough to... stay right here! 
- I like being big enough to play inside my playhouse! What are you big enough to do? Everyone is big enough to do something. Ugga Mugga! 

[00:23:08]


- ???????????? It's such a good feeling to play with family and friends ?????? ?????? It's such a happy feeling when they lend you a hand ?????? ?????? You wake up ready to say ?????? ?????? I think I'll make a snappy new day! ?????? ?????? It's such a good feeling ?????? ?????? A very good feeling, a feeling you know ?????? 
- ?????? That I'll be back when the day is new ?????? ?????? And I'll have more ideas for you ?????? ?????? And you'll have things you'll want to talk about ?????? ?????? I will too ?????? ?????? Because it's you I like ???????????? Hi. I'm helping my dad wash the car! There's lots of ways you can help at home. 
- ?????? 'Cause everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? ?????? 'Cause everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? ?????? 'Cause everyone is big enough ?????? ?????? Big enough to do something ?????? ?????? 'Cause everyone is big enough ?????? ??? Big enough to do something ???????????? 

[00:26:10]


- See, it's fun to help! Especially when you're getting wet! ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? First we add some hearts to make it sweet. ?????? ?????? Some kisses too, for a special treat! ?????? ?????? We're baking a loooooooove cake! ?????? ?????? Then we add some sparkles just for fun. ?????? ?????? And we'll mix it all together til we're donedone, done! ?????? ?????? We're baking loooooove cake! ?????? ?????? We're baking loooooove cake ?????? Yeah! So what are we gonna do today? 
Announcer: How about catching up with barney? First, we'll need to invite everyone. Sure thing! Everyone's invited! Sure! We'll be there. It's "barney and friends" weekdays on pbs kids, or watch anytime you want at pbskids.Org. Announcer: Neighborhood" is made possible in part by... The Richard King Mellon Foundation. Dedicated for over sixty years to South Western Pennsylvania's quality of life, and competitive future. And by these Pittsburg foundations. Working together to enhance and enrich the lives of children for more than seventy-five years. And by The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations. Dedicated to strengthening America's future through education. adcasting, and contributions to your PBS station, from viewers like you. Closed Captioning bySETTE inc. 

[00:28:10]


- Visit the Neighborhood at pbskids.org! 
- Hi, it's me, Whyatt! Ready to go on a reading adventure? Super! Look! It's Zora's Art Adventure. In this story, we'll use the alphabet, 

﻿Title: Debate Night in America
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/3/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>>> The third and final presidential debate of 2012 is now over and our exclusive poll shows president obama won to former governor mitt romney. He scored important points with voters. 48% of debate watchers we surveyed said president obama won compared to 40% who said romney won. 59% said president obama did 59% said president obama did better than expected. 15% he did worse. 23% said he did about the same as expected. As for governor romney, 44% said he did better and 26% said worse. 26% said he did about the same as expected. These debates, all three of the presidential debates will play a role in what happens on november 6th, SO WILL AD SPENDING THE Next few weeks. Ad spending, there is a lot of money to be spent the next two weeks. 
>> A lot of money, but with the days running out, the candidates have to make tough decisions. The first you will see, this one is confusing when you look at it. Let me bring up the ad spending. Let meook at tv ads, it's confusing. Let's pull up the state of florida. The dark blue is obama and dark red is romney. The super pacs. Look at the orlando market in florida. About half of the ad spending, just shy is done by the obama campaign, money out of president obama's campaign fund. Romney has a smaller slice because he's getting help from super pacs. Florida has been trending romney's way. The obama campaign has to make. Do we keep spending as much as $5 million a week just to hold our own? That's coming out of the campaign. Or do they decide to reduce spending in florida and not give it up completely? Both not accepting public financing. We are in a new world of freer spending. Do they want to decide we need to build a fire wall here on ohio. The same thing is happening. Half of the ad spending by the obama campaign and a smaller slice by romney and getting help from the republican super pacs and the president getting less help from the democrats super pacs. The president is going to have to make decisions. In a state of colorado, you are spending about half from the obama campaign fund and less help from the super pacs. You look at this map and decide what we get for the money. Are we moving the polls or holding our own. If you are holding your own, cut back there and move it up here into the midwest where this race is going to be decided. I want to switch the map before I go into the discussion. Here's the state of play. Does the president spend so much from his campaign down here? If you believe that is trending in that direction, two weeks ago you do that to keep it in play. Now you are looking at the race to 270, you have to make decisions. Assume the president may cut back here. He may cut back here. Not pull out, but cut back. They trend red and the question is where do you pick to try the line? We know the campaign used this as ground in the election. We have this as a source of strength where they are ahead of these two battle ground states. These are the two strongest right now. Ohio right behind and romney doing well in the west. The question is you have only so many days left. Where do you drop the plains. Where does governor romney and ryan go. Just as important or more important, campaigns have to make decisions and the obama campaign recently borrowed $15 million. Money is not scarce. These guys have raised a boat load of money and not taking public financing and not subject to caps, but you are at a point where you have to make consequential decisions and everdecision is make or break. We are talking to democrats and they will wait and see what happens in the 48 hours with the numbers. If the answer is no and florida and north carolina are moving his way, they think the smart thing to do is scale back and build a fire wall in the midwest. 

[00:04:24]


>> You have done commercials for candidates. How does it work logistically and how often are they polling and how much communication is there between the ad people and the poll people to determine our ads? 
>> Sometimes the ad people tell you way too much communication with the polling people. The ad guys and they do the math. It's a little bit about and they are polling around the clock. They are tracking every single night and dropping a night a few days ago and adding current days. They are focus grouping everything that goes out 
>> every day they get new polls? 
>> All the time. You are betting the future of the leadership of the free world and they sound like we are spending a lot on this presidential election. We spent that much on halloween candy this year in the united states. 
>> How much of this do they pretest of what they will say in the debate. Do they pretest a lot of lines these days? 
>> It depends on the nature of the campaign. The closer you get to the candidate and who he is, the less you test. Some of this stuff you can test the sincity and the strength right out of it. I would be surprised if for example the romney campaign, i can speak with that with the obama campaign if they were testing lines tonight, they tested speech concepts and things like that. For a debate like this, you don't focus group. 
>> A decision not to go after benghazi for governor romney for weeks, is that something? 
>> That's a decision you would do without a poll. No poll will tell you how to lead the country. 
>> Not to go on the attack is a decision. Maybe that is in regards to women voters, for example, to talk about education and on the president's part is talking about women voters. 

[00:06:33]


>> Tonight it was to hug obama. Why did he do that? A couple of reasons. You want to hug the opponent where you are weak and punch where you are strong. Barack obama has been much like george bush in many aspects and it's where independents and republicans find him more acceptable. Bob gates was george bush's secretary. 
>> He has stature. 
>> Other interpretation. 
>> Make yourself safe. Paw. 
>> You don't have what you need for beliefs. 
>> I was trying to explain strategy. 
>> He has a point. The democrats and president obama have a legitimate argument and a guy who came into the debates is not the candidate we saw in the primaries. We go back to the etcha sketch. 
>> It may. 
>> I got a score card. 
>> Where republicans and president obama's administration have more agreement than on anything else like social issues. 
>> Why all the attacks? 
>> My question is this is three debates and romney has systematically moved to the center and this one was startling. The surge in afghanistan worked. He is the peace candidate and wants to fund civil society. Obama just thinks he can shoot his way against al qaeda. I am wondering is there anything in the republican base or are they determined to beat obama? I am wondering at what point do people say this is what we fear and this guy is a liberal moderate from massachusetts. 
>> Weren't they previously attacking the administration for dropping mubarak too soon? Governor romney said it s the right thing to do. 

[00:08:34]


>> He said in syria before he said there should be a no drive zone, he said no troops on the ground. You go through with iran and he said there should be no bilateral talks and now there should be talks. You look at that and you can say well, that proves ybe that's a good thing. 
>> Then I guess we can disqualify barack obama because he was against terror suspects before he was govern it and was going to close, but he didn't. Most of the guys -- 
>> I'm getting some e-mails tonight from republicans who are disquieted a little bit from seeing mitt romney go to the middle. By the way, this is the primary process. You started on the wings on both sides. 
>> This is the romney they were worried about. Is the real romney? Is that the question? 
>> This is why. Mitt romney who is conservative and a business guy whose faith and family form his core. There is also a practical problem solving business man. Most of us have two hands. 
>> We really don't know who barack obama is. 
>> Four years, he has been consistent going after al qaeda. 
>> We will come back to the panel. Candy? >> Hey, anderson. Still sitting here at this point. 
>> I think they are getting ready for a class. 
>> Let's pay it forward or move it forward. What are you looking for? We come out here and say this is a wash and the polls are still basically 47-47. What are you looking for? 
>> This is a lace from the beginning will focus on the economy and have the two big data reports. Growth numbers are coming out this friday and the final friday before the election we get unemployment reports. Those are the two external events that we are looking for. They can be washes or another sign of weakness in the economy, but if it happens to be growth, we don't know. Then we have the battlefield. Will it change? We are talking about the seven or eight or nine states. Will pennsylvania come in or michigan come into play? Those are the things that matter? 

[00:11:07]


>> Some big gap in the final. I don't imagine they will have one in the last couple of weeks. If michigan and pennsylvania come into play? If they come into play, you won't miss out. I don't think that's going to happen. I see probably five or six state tracking polls with people call me and I have national polls and I digest everything. I'm a political guy and on the phone all the time. I don't think we are going to see big changes, but what i found interesting tonight with the strategy is you meet a guy by agreement. I don't remember reagan beating carter by agreement. The whole agreement is you disagree. Obama weakened america, but he agrees tonight by ten different times. I thought it was from the strategic point, I thought it was interesting and I agree with alex. There was push back and they will still vote for him. There will be push back on the right. You are not supposed to agree with this guy. He is a bad guy. 
>> Isn't the governor's ace in the hole with conservatives who might think he was too agreeable tonight with president obama? 
>> The truth is it's his goal to credential himself as commander in chief. He was able to do that in this debate. It's a reflection from the reality of how complicated foreign policy is. Maybe mitt romney pointed them out, but they are not disagreements on everything. They were argue being nuances. 
>> It seems as though at least in mitt romney's view they acted good and I think people see that and take that. I think it's interesting and the reaction to this will be it certainly was somewhat of a different strategy and so much invested in benghazi. Now the issues gone. All the president can say is you had a chance to ask me about it and you will be doing this on television. Romney precluded himself from doing it by his lack of bringing it up when he wau up there. I thought that was an interesting thing. 

[00:13:28]


>> He was not attacking the president on foreign policy and it was at the water's edge. You should be happy. 
>> I am, but he attacked the president pretty good on foreign policy. 
>> The polls show that the people thought the president attacked 68% and 21% romney. I want to see what the difference that will have on women. Women traditionally don't like to see attack, attack. We will see if that changes the numbers. That's mitt romney's weakness. 
>> I think there was one point, anderson, between them on who was the most likeable. That has been a sore spot for mitt romney. That's good. 
>> He attacked and I have no idea. Of course obama attacked. Absolutely. 
>> Thanks. We are standing by with a reality check on getting tough for china and what it means for the economy. We will be able to see the debate again in its entirety. Grab a beer and popcorn and watch it all again. 

﻿Title: Debate Night in America
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/3/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

h deeper knowledge of t subjects. As a result, tir students ace at a higher level. Let's develop more stars in education. Let's invest in our teachers... ...so they can inspire our students. Let's solve this. think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. 9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p 

[00:02:56]


>>> china's economic club came up late in the debate. He would label the chinese as currency manipulators if he became president. Joining us with the reality check. 
>> Both men talked about china as an important trading partner, but suggested that china has stolen american jobs through unfair trade practices. Listen. 
>> We are going to insist that china plays by the same rules as everybody else. 
>> In part by holding down artificially the value of their currency it holds down the prices of their goods and means our goods are not as competitive and we lose jobs. That's got to end. 
>> The promise from each man is pretty simple and direct. I will crack down on china. Can they dthat and do they have their facts right? Listen to the numbers. That seems to be correct. In fact we lost about 2 million jobs to china. Most have been manufacturing jobs. Let's put together this map that shows you where they have been lost. All of the darker orange is where they lost the most le texas, oregon and california. Over the past dozen years, they lost about 3% of their jobs to chinese competition. The candidates say this is largely because while we base our value of the dollar on the free market and that determines labor costs, the chinese are currency manipulators. That's the accusations. The idea is that they take their currency and they manipulate it so that it keeps it low so labor stays inexpensive and more people won't work there. Can't have a to one comparison. U.S.Ductivity is much higher than chinese productivity. None the less, as close as we can get, we will try this. If you went to a factory and you want that people to create a product and the manufacturing environment, once you pay all the wages and all the benefits, that will come out to about $34 an hour. If you did the same thing in a chinese company, that's going to be more like $2 an hour. So the chinese government has structured their infrastructure and everything around this idea of saying let's take advantage of all of this labor out there and try to get more companies to move here and put a lot of products on the market or around the world that are inexpensive and caoutcompete other products. Boy, has it worked. Take a look at this graph about what's happened since 1985. This is where we were in 1985 in terms of how much we were importinhis country from china. How much was sending us buy. Look what happened. It has gone up and up and up. That's the recession. That notch right there. It hit a peak. It dropped some now, but it is way up from where it used to be. Look at the changes in what we sent to them. We were about equal in 1985 and we have not risen nearly as much in terms of the products we send to china. What can the president do about this? You put a trade barrier in place and it will be a pose, but if you do that, china can do the same and that hurts manufacturers. Can you say that companies will be blocked from going-over to use the cheap labor and keep the jobs here, but that makes them less competitive on the world market. There is an issue of china buying so much debt. If china said it didn't want to do that, that can make it harder for the government to borrow money for operating. The bottom line is, when you listen to these men say they will really crack down on china, you can take them at their word. The president has taken steps to do that and mitt romney said he will take steps. This is true, but what impact will it have? China has been a tough competitor and looks like they will continue to be. Even if they mean what they say, that will not be the last word on u.S.-China trade. 

[00:07:08]


>> Almost all apple products are manufactured in china whether ipods or ipads or iphone. Humans of thousands of chinese are manufacturing those products sold in the united states and around the world. One footnote to an earlier reality check segment you may recall that president obama said tonight that the u.S. Intervention in libya cost less than two weeks of the war in iraq. It turns out the president was right. When we checked the math, we found two weeks of the war in iraq costs about $5 billion at its height and the libya intervention was less than $1 billion. Mostly cruise missiles launched. Anderson? 
>> It was interesting to hear both talking tough about china tonight. The question is what can they do? 
>> It's interesting to get a sense of the chinese reaction. I talked to a bunch of chinese people with various levels. They had always thought they were going to like romney. Three things they like. American business and american business in general over the last 30 or 40 years, the chinese thought republicans were the party of business and trade and he organized the olympics and the chinese think they went through the olympics. It has been a rude surprise to them that romney has been so tough. Even in this debate, you notice obama kept saying they could be a partner and we want to cooperate with them, but romney hammered away for the most part. This was the place where he softened his stone the least in most of the other areas. He was almost a complete reversal. On china, he was softer and still pretty tough. I imagine they are coming to the conclusion that whatever america may want, they want continuity and not change. 
>> The debate is generating tons of buzz and words mentioned the most, stand by for a replay of the debate in its entirety in about six minutes. Most, ] time, and the candidate's speech is in pieces all over the district. The writer's desktop and the coordinator's phone are working on a joke with local color. The secure cloud just received a revised intro from the strategist's tablet. And while I make my way into the venue, the candidate will be rehearsing off of his phone. 

[00:09:46]


[ Candidate ] AND THANKS TO EVERY YOUNG FACE I see out there. 
[ Woman ] HIS PHONE IS ONE OF HIS BIGGEST Supporters. 
[ Female Announcer ] WITH CISCO AT THE CENTER... Working together has never worked so well. . 

[00:12:39]


>>> Before tonight's 
>>> before tonight's debate, who would have guessed that the words bayonets and whopper would make the biggest splash on facebook. They had an enormous spike after president obama gave this response to mitt romney's complaint that the u.S. Navy has too few ships. 
>> I think governor romney may be as you spend enough time looking at how the military works. You mentioned the navy, for example. We have fewer ships than in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. The nature of the military has changed. We have aircraft carriers where planes land on them. 
>> The other term is whopper, burger king will be happy about this. President obama used it to describe mitt romney's charge that he went on a world tour, apologizing to the united states. 
>> Nothing governor romney said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that has been told in the course of this campaign. 
>> The mentions of the word whopper. 
>> Barack obama made history turn in the debate. He tied george w. Bush for the most appearances in presidential debate, six debates each. Looking at the years have changed him, you see how he looked at his first debate. 
>> His hair was much darker. 
>> That was in 2008 and the last on the right. He is not the only one whose looks have changed. This is the tv anchorman from 2007 and 2012. 
>> I look the same except for the glasses. 
>> And wearing the same suit. Pretty much. 
>> It's a nice suit. 
>> It works. 
>> Women do not age. They get blonder. Men get darker glasses. 
>> Your hair was not as gray. 
>> A little more pepper in my hair. Now it's just salt. The toupee. 

[00:14:39]


>> Two weeks from tomorrow, election day. We will be back. 
>> We will be. 
>> It's early tuesday morning right now and the election is two weeks away. 
>> More of the debate. 
>> Good evening from the campus of lynn university in boca raton, florida. This is the fourth and last debate of campaign brought to you by the presidential debates. This one is on foreign policy. I'm bob schaffer. The questions are mine and i have not shared them with the candidates or their aides. The audience has taken a vow of silence. No applause and no reaction of any kind except right now when we welcome president barack obama and governor mitt romney. 
[ Applause ] 
[ applause ] 
>> gentlemen, your campaigns have agreed to certain rules and they are simple. They asked me to divide the evening into segments. I will pose a question at the beginning of each segment you will each have two minutes to respond and then we will have a general discussion until we move to the next segment. Tonight's debate as both of you know comes on the 50th anniversary of the night that president kennedy told the world that the soviet union installed nuclear missiles in cuba. Perhaps the closest we have ever come to nuclear war. It is a sobering reminder that every president faces at some point an unexpected threat to our national security from abroad. Let's begin. The first segment is the challenge of a changing middle east and the new face of terrorism. I'm going to put this into two segments so you will have two topic questions within this one segment on the subject. The first question, and it concerns libya, the controversy over what happened continues for americans who are dead including an ambassador. Questions remain what happened, what caused it, it was spontaneous or was it intelligence failure or a policy failure. Was there an attempt to mislead people about what happened. Governor romney, you said it was an example of an american policy in the middle east that is unraveling before our very eyes. I would like to hear each of you give your thoughts on that, governor romney, you won the toss and you go first. 

[00:17:40]


>> Thank you, bob and thank you for agreeing to moderate this debate this evening and thank you to lynn university and mr. President, it was good to be with you again. We were at a humorous event. This is a great concern to the world and america in particular which was to see a complete change in the structure and the environment in the middle east with the arab spring came a great deal of hope that there would be a change towards moderation and an opportunity for greater participation on the part of women and public life and economic life in the mideast. Instead we have seen in nation after nation a number of disturbing events. In syria, 30,000 civilians having done killed by the military there and we see in libya an attack apparently by i think we know now by terrorists of some kind against our people there. Four people dead. Our hearts and minds go to them. Mali has been taken over by al qaeda-type individuals. We have in egypt a muslim brotherhood president. We are seeing a reversal in the hopes and the greatest threat of all is iran four years closer to a nuclear weapon. We have to recognize we have to do as the president has done. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda, but we can't kill our way out of this mess. We will have to put in place a comprehensive and robust strategy to help the world of islam and other parts of the world reject this radical violent extremism which is not on the run. It's not hiding. This was a group involved in ten or 12 countries and it presents an enormous threat to our friends and the world and to america long-term. We must have a comprehensive strate to reject this kind of extremism. 

[00:19:46]


>> Mr. President. 
>> My first job as commander in chief is to keep the american pe safe. That's what we have done over the last four years. We ended of war in iraq and focused on those who actually killed us on 9/11. As a consequence, al qaeda core leadership has been decimated. In addition we are now able to transition out of afghanistan in a responsible way, making sure that afghans take responsibility for their own security. That allows us also to rebuild alliances and make friends around the world to combat future threats. With respect to libya as i indicated in the last debate, when we received that phone call, I immediately made sure that number one, we did everything we could to secure those americans who were sll in harm's way. Number two, we would investigate what happened and number t, most importantly, we would go after those who killed americans and we would bring them to justice. That's what we are going to do. It's important to step back and think about what happened in libya. Keep in mind that I and americans took leadership in organizing an international coalition that made sure we were able twithout putting troops on the ground at the cost of less than what we spent in two weeks in iraq liberate a country that was under the yoke of dictatorship for 40 years. Got rid of someone killed americans and as a consequence, despite this tragedy, you had tens of thousands of libyans after the events of benghazi marching and saying america is our friend. We stand with them. That represents the opportunity we have to take advantage of. Governor romney, I'm glad that you agree that we have been successful in going after al qaeda, but I have to tell you that your strategy previously is that has been all over the map. It's not designed to keep americans safe or build on the opportunities that exist in the mideast. 

[00:21:58]


>> My strategy is straight forward which is to go after the bad guys and make sure we do our best to interrupt them and kill them and take them out of the picture. My strategy is broader than that. That's important, of course. But the key that we will have to pursue is a pathway to get the muslim world to reject extremism on its o. We don't want another iraq or afghanistan. That'sot the right course for us. The right course is to go after the people who are leaders of these various anti-american groups and these jihadists, but also help the muslim world? How do we do that? We look at how to help the world reject these terrorists. The answer they came up with was this. More development. We should keep our foreign aid and investment and that of our friends to make sure we push back and give them more economic development. Number two, better education. Number three, gender equality. Number four, the rule of law. We have to help the nations create civil societies. What is happening as we watched this in the middle east, this rising tide of chaos occur, you see al qaeda rushing in and you see other jihadist groups rushing in and throughout many nations in the mideast, it's wonderful that libya is making progress despite this tragedy, but next door we have egypt, libya's 6 million population and egypt 80 million population. We want to see progress with having mali taken over and with syria having assad killed and murder his own peopl this is a region and iran on the path to a nuclear weapon. 
>> Let's give the president a chance. 
>> Governor romney, I'm glad you recognize that al qaeda is a threat. A few months ago when you asked what the biggest threat was that faces america, you said russia. Not al qaeda. You said russia. They asked for their foreign policy back. The cold war has been over for 20 years. When it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the foreign policies of THE 1980s. It's like the social policies THE 1950s AND THE ECONOMIC POLICIES OF THE 1920s. You say you are not interested in duplicating what happened in iraq, but just a few weeks ago you said we should have more troops in iraq. The challenge we have, I know you haven't been in a position to execute foreign policy, but every time you overed an opinion, you have been wrong. You said we should have gone to iraq despite the fact that there were no weapons of mass destruction. You said that we should still have troops in iraq to this day. You indicated that we shouldn't be passing nuclear treaties with russia despite the fact that 71 senators, democrats and republicans voted for it. You said that first we should not have a timeline in afghanistan and then said we should. Now I say maybe or it depends. That means not only were you wrong, but also confusing and sending mixed messages to troops and allies. What we need to do with respect to the mideast is strong steady leadership and not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. Unfortunately that's the kind of opinions that you offered throughout this campaign. It is not a recipe for american strength or keeping america strong. 

[00:25:44]


>> I am give you a chance to respond. 
>> Of course I don't concur with what the president said out my record and the things I said. They don't happen to be accurate. I can say this. We are talking about the middle east and how to help them reject the terrorism we are seeing and the rising tide of cfusion. Attacking me is not an agenda. It's not talking about how to deal with the challenges that exist in the mideast and take advantage of the opportunity there and stem the tide of this violence. I will respond to a couple of things you mentioned. First of all, russia I indicated is a geopolitical foe. Excuse me. It's a geopolitical foe and i said iran is the greatest national security threat we face. Russia does continue to battle us in the un time and time again. I have clear eyes on that. I won't wear rose colored glasses when it comes to russia or putin and I will not give more flexibility after the election. He will get more backbone. Number two, with regards to iraq, you and I agreed and believed there should have been a status in forces agreement. 
>> We didn't. What I would not have done is left 10,000 troops in iraq that would tie us down and that would certainly not help us. 
>> There was an effort on the part of the president to have a status of forces and I concurred and said we should have a number of troops that stayed on. I concurred with that. That was my posture as well. I thought it should have been 5,000 and more. The answer was we got no troops through whatsoever. 
>> This was a few weeks ago you indicated we should still have troops in iraq. 
>> I'm sorry. I indicated that you failed to put in place a status of forces agreement at the end of the conflict. 
>> Governor, here's one thing i have learned as commander in chief. You have to be clear. Both to the allies and our enemies about where you stand and what you mean. You gave a speech a few weeks ago in which you said we should have troops in iran. 

[00:27:57]


-- Iraq. That is not a recipe for making sure we are taking advantage of the opportunities and the challenges of the mideast. Now it is absolutely true that we can not just beat these challenges militarily. What I have done throughout my presidency and will continue to do is make sure the countries are supporting our counter terrorism efforts. Number two, make sure they are standing br interests in israel security. It is a true friend and our greatest ally in the region. Number three, we have to make sure we protect the religious minorities and women because the countries can't develop if half of it develops. We have to develop the economic capabilities. Number five, the other thing is recognize that we can't continue to do nation building in these regions. Part of american leadership is doing nation building here at home. That will help us maintain the kind of american leadership we need. 
>> Announcer: Meet tom, a proud dad whose online friends all "like" the photos he's posting. Oscar likes tom's photos, but he loves the access to tom's personal information. Oscar's an identity thief who used tom's personal info to buy new teeth and a new car, and stuck tom with the57,000 bill. 

[00:30:15]


[Tires squeal] now meet carl who works from the coffee shop and uses the free wi-fi. Marie works from there too she's an identity thief who used a small device to grab his wi-fi signal, then stole enough personal information to hijack and drain his bank accounts. Every year, millions of americans learn all it may take to devastate your life is a little personal information in the wrong hands. Is identity theft and no one helps stop it better than lifelock. Lifelock offers the most comprehensividentity theft protection, period. Ordinary credit monitoring services may take 30 days to alert you. Lifelock's 24/7 proactive protection wou have alerted tom as soon as they noticed an attack within their network, before it was too late. And lifelock's bank account takeover alerts could have notified carl in time to help him protect his money. Lifelock protects your social security number, money, credit, even the equity in your home. While identity theft can't be completely stopped, no one protects you better than lifelock, and lifelock stands behind that with the power of their $1 million service guarantee. You have so much to protect and nothing to lose when you call lifelock right now and try 60 days of identity theft protection risk-free. 60 days risk-free. 
Use promo code: Be secure order now and get this document shredder, a $29 value free. 
[??????...] call or go online now. 
[??????...] 
>> let me interject the second topic question in this segment about the middle east and so on. That is you both mentioned and alluded to this. That is syria. The war in syria spilled over to lebanon. We have more than 100 people killed there this a bomb. There were demonstrations there. Eight people dead. Mr. President, it has been more than a year since you told assad he had to go and since then 30,000 syrians have died and 300,000 refugees and war goes on and still there, should we reassess our policy and see if we can find a better way to influence events there or is that even possible. You go first, sir. 

[00:32:51]


>> What we have done is organize the international community saying assad has to go. We mobilized sanctions against that government. We made sure that they are isolated. We provided humanitarian assistance and we are helping them organize and making sure we are mobilizing the moderate forces inside of syria. Ultimately, syrians are going to have to determine their own future. Everything we are doing, we are doing in consultation with partners in the region including israel that has a huge interest in seeing what happens. Coordinating with turkey and other countries that had a great interen this. What we are seeing taking place in syria is heart breaking. That's why we are doing everything to make sure we help the opposition, but we have to recognize that for us to get more entangled in syria is a serious step. We have to do so making certain we know who we are helping and not putting arms in the hands of folk who is can turn them against us or allies in the region. I am confident that assad's days are numbered, but what we can't do is simply suggest that as governor romney at times suggested that giving heavy weapons, for example, to the syrian opposition is a simple proposition to lead us to be safer over the long-term. Governor? >>'S talk about what's happening in syria and how important it is. 30,000 people being kill their government is a humanitarian disaster. Syria is an opportunity for us because they play an important role. Syria is iran's only ally in the arab world. It's their route to the sea. It's the route for them to arm hezbollah and lebanon that threatens the ally, israel. Seeing syria remove assad is a high priority for us. Number two, seeing the replacement government being responsible people is critical for us. We don't want military involvement there and get drawn into a military conflict. The right course for us is working through partners and with our own resources and identify responsible parties within syria and organize them and bring them together in a form of if not government, council that can take the lead and have the arms necessary to defend themselves. We need to make sure that they don't have arms that get into the wrong hands. Those arms can be used to hurt us and coordinate with the allies and with israel. The turks are all concerned about this and willing to work with us. We need an effective leadersp effort in syria making sure that the insurgents are armed and the insurgents that become armed are people who will be the responsible parties. Recognize and I believe that assad must go. I believe he will go, but i believe we want to make sure we have the relationships and a friendship with the people that take his place such that in the years to come, we see syria as a friend and a responsible party in the mideast. This is a critical opportunity for america. What I'm afraid of is as we watched, first the president said we will let the un deal with it and kofi annan said we will have a ceasefire. That didn't work. Then to the russia and let's see if you can do something. We should be playing the leadership role. Not on the ground with the military. 

[00:36:34]


>> We organize the friends of syria. We are mobilizing humanitarian support and support for the opposition. We are making sure that those we help are those who will be friends of ours in the long-term and friends of allies in the region for the long-term. Going ck to libya, this is an example of how we make choices. When we went into libya, we were able to immediately stop the massacre there because of the unique circumstances and the coalition that we helped to organize, we had to make sure that gadhafi didn't stay there. To the governor's credit, you supported going into libya and the coalition we organize, but when it came time to making sure that gadhafi didn't stay in power, your suggestion was that this was mission model. Imagine if we had pulled out at that point. Gadhafi had more american blood on his hands than any individual other than osama bin laden. We were going it make sure we finished the job. That's part of the reason why the libyans stand with us. We did so in a careful, thoughtful way, making certain that we knew who we were dealing with and the forces of moderation on the ground were ones we could work with and we have to take the same kind of steady thoughtful leadership when it comes to syria. That's what we are doing. 
>> Governor, would you go beyond what the administration would do, for example, would you put in no-fly zones? 
>> I don't want to have our military involved in syria and i don't think there is a necessity to put them in at this stage. As I indicated, our objectives are to replace assad and have in place a new government which is friendly to us and a responsible government if possible. I want to make sure they get armed and they have the arms necessary to defend themselves, but also to remove assad. I do not want to see military involvement on the part of our troops and this isn't going to be necessary. We have with our partners in the region, sufficient resources to support those groups. Look, this has been going on for a year. This should have been a time for american leadership. We should have taken a leading role not militarily, but a leading role and organization to bring together the parties to findarties. As you hear from intelligence sources today, the insurgents of highly desperate and they haven't formed a unity group and a council. That needs to happen. We need to make sure they have the arms they need to carry out the very important which is getting rid of assad. 

[00:39:26]


>> I will be very quick. What you heard governor romney said is he doesn't have different ideas. That's because we are doing exactly what we should be doing to try to promote a moderate syrian leadership and an effective transition so we get assad out. That's the leadership we have shown and will conto show. If we want to improve our schools... ... what should we invest in? Maybe new buildings? What about updated equipment? They can help, but recent research shows... ... nothing transforms schools like investing in advanced teacher education. Let's build a strong foundation. Let's invest in our teachers so they can inspire our students. Let's solve this. 

[00:41:56]


>>> May I ask you, during the egyptian turmoil, there came a point where you said it was time for president mubarak to go, some thought perhaps we should have waited a while on that. Do you have any regrets about that? 
>> No,i don't because I think that america has to stand with democracy. The notion that we would have tanks run over those young people who were in tahrir square is not the kind of american leadership that john f. Kennedy talked about 50 years ago. What I also said that now that you have a democratically elected government in egypt, they have to make sure they take responsibility for protecting religious minorities. We put significant pressure on them to make sure they are doing that and recognize the rights of women which is critical throughout the region. These countries can't develop and young women are not given the education they need. They have to abide by their treaty with israel. Not only are their securities at stake if that unravels, but they have to make sure they are cooperating with us with counter terrorism and we will help them with respect to developing their own economy. Ultimately what's going to make the egyptian revolution successful for the people of egypt and the world is if those young people who gathered there are seeing opportunities. The aspirations are similar to young people here. They want jobs and they want to be able to make sure their kids are going to a good school and make sure they have a roof over their heads and they have the prospects of a better life in the future. One of the things we have been doing is organizing the conferences with these egyptians to give them a sense of how they can start rebuilding the economy in a way that is non-corrupt and transparent. What is also important to understand is for america to be successful in this region, things we will have to do here at home as well. One of the challenges over the last decade, we have done experiments in places like iraq and afghanistan and neglected developing our own economy and energy sectors and education system and it's very hard for us to project leadership around the world when we are not doing what we need to. 

[00:44:23]


>> Governor romney, I want to hear your response to that. I would ask you would you have stuck with mubarak? 
>> No, I believe as the president indicated and said at the time I support his action there. I wish we would have had a better vision of the future and looking back at the beginning of the president's term and further back we would have recognized there was a growing energy and passion for freedom in that part of the world and we would have worked more aggressively with our friends and other friends to have them make the transition towards a more representative form of government such it didn't explode in the way it did. I felt the same as the president did. The freedom voices and the streets of egypt where the people were speaking about principals and the president mubarak had done things which were unimaginable and the idea of him crushing his people was not somethg that we could possibly support. Let me steck and talk about what I think our mission has to be in the middle east and even more broadly. Because our purpose is to make sure the world is peaceful. We want a peaceful planet. We want people to be able to enjoy their lives and know they're going to have a bright and prosperous future, not be at war. That's our purpose. Mantel of leadership for promoting the principles of pee has fallen in america. For us to be able to promote those principles of peace requires us to be strong. And that begins with a strong economy here at home. Unfortunately, the economy is not stronger. When the president of iraq -- excuse me, of iran, ahmadinejad, says that our debt makes us not a great country, that's a frightening thing. Former chief -- joint chiefs of staff said that -- admiral mullen said that our debt is the biggest national security threat we face. We have weakened our economy. We need a strong economy. We need to have as well a strong military. Our military is second to none in the world. Blessed with terrific soldiers, extraordinary technology and intelligence. But the idea after trillion dollarn cuts to the budget of the military would change that. We need strong allies. Our association and connection with our allies is essential to america's strength. We're the great nation that ha allies. 42 allies and friends around the world. Finally we havu to stand by our principles.If we're strong in each of those things, american influence will grow. But unfortunately, in nowhere in the world is america's influence greater today than it was four years ago. 

[00:46:51]


>> All right. 
>> That's because -- 
>> perfect, you'reng to get a chance to respond to that because that's a perfect segue into our next segment, and that is what is america's role in the world.0??@??f?? four sleep. Are you one of them? Drink dream water, the natural, fast acting sleep aid that helps you wake refreshed. Visit drinkdreamwater.Com. And that is the question. What do each of you see as our role in the world and I believe governor romney, it is your turn to go first. 

[00:50:17]


>> Well, I absolutely believe that america has a responsibility and the privilege of helping defend frdom and promote the principles that make the world more peaceful. And those principles include human rights, human dignity, free enterprise, freedom of expression, elections, because when there are elections, people tend to vote for peace. They don't vote for war. So we want to promote those principles around the world. We recognize that there are places of conflict in the world. We want to end those conflicts to the extent humanly possible. But in order to be able to fulfill our role in the world, america must be strong. America must lead. And for that to happen, we have to strengthen our economy here at home. You can't have 23 million people struggling to get a job. You can't have an economy that over the last three years keeps slowing down its growth rate. You can't have kids coming out of college, half of whom can't find a job today. Or a job that's commensurate with their college degree. We have to get our economy going. And our military. We've got to strengthen our military long term. We don't know what the world is going to throw at us down the road. We make decisions today in the military that will confront challenges we can't imagine. In the 2000 debates, there was no mention of terrorism, for instance. And a year later 9/11 happened. So we have to make decisions based upon uncertainty and that means a strong military. I will not cut our military budget. We have to also stand by our allies. I think the tension that existed between israel and the united states was very unfortunate. I think also pulling our missile defense program out of poland in the way we did was also unfortunate in terms of if you will, disrupting the relationship in some ways that existed between us. Then of course, with regards to standing for our principles, when the students took to the streets in tehran and the people there protested, the green revolution occurred for. For the president to be silent i thought was an enormous mistake. We have to stand for our principles, stand for our allies, std for a stronger military and stand for a stronger economy. 

[00:52:24]


>> Mr. President. 
>> America remains the one indispensable nation. And the world needs a strong america and it is stronger now than when I came into office. Because we ended the war in iraq, we were able to refocus our attention on not only the terrorist threat but also beginning a transition process in afghanistan. It also allowed us to refocus on alliances and relationships that had been neglected for a decade. Governor romney, our alliances have never been stronger. In asia, in europe, in africa, with israel where we have unprecedented military and intelligence cooperation, including dealing with the iranian threat. But what we also have been able to do is position ourselves so we can start rebuilding america. That's what my plan does. Making sure that we're bringing manufacturing back to our shores so that we're creating jobs here as we've done with the auto industry. Not rewarding companies that are shipping jobs overseas. Making sure that we've got the best education system in the world. Including retraining or workers for the jobs of tomorrow. Doing everything we can to control our own energy. We've cut our oil imports to the lowest level in two decades. Because we've developed oil and natural gas but we also have to develop clean energy technologies that will allow us to cut our exports in half by 2020. That's the kind of leadership that we need to show. And we've got to make sure that we reduce our deficit. Unfortunately, governor romney's plan doesn't do it. We've got to do it in a responsible way by cutting out spending we don't need but also by asking the wealthiest to pay a little bit more. That way we can invest in research and technology that's always kept us on the cutting edge. Now governor romney has taken a different approach throughout this campaign. Now both at home and abroad, he has proposed wrong and reckless policies. He's praised george bush as a good economic steward and dick cheney as somebody who shows great wisdom and judgment, and taking us back to those kinds of strategies that got us into this mess are not the way that we are going to maintain leadership in the 21st century. 

[00:54:38]


>> Governor romney, wrong and reckless policies. 
>> I've got a policy for the future, an agenda for the future. When it comes to our economy here at home, I know what it takes to create 12 million new jobs and rising take-home pay. What we've seen over the last four years is something I don't want to see over the next four years. The president said by now we'd be at 5.4% unemployment. We're 9 million jobs short of that. I will get america working again and see rising take home pay again and I'll do it with five simple steps. Number one, we are going to have north american energy independence. We're going to do it by taking full advantage of oil, coal, gas, nuclear and our renewables. Number two, we're going to increase our trade. Trade grows about 12% per year. Doubles about every five or so years. We can do better than that, particularly in latin america. The opportunities for us in latin america, we have just not taken advantage of fully. Matter of fact, latin america's economy is almost as big as the economy of china. We're all focused on china. Latin america is a huge opportunity for us. Time zone, language opportunities. Number three, we're going to have to have training programs that work for our workers. And schools that finally put the parents and the teachers and the kids first and the teachers unions going to have to go behind. Then we have to get to a balanced budget. We can't expect entrepreneurs and businesses large and small to take their life savings or their company's money and invest in america if they think we're headed to the road to greece. That's where we're going right now unless we finally get off the spending and borrowing binge. I'll get us on track to a balanced budget. And finally, number five, we've got to champion small business. Small business is where jobs come from. Two-thirds of our jobs come from small businesses. New business formation is down to the lowest level in 30 years under this admission. I want to bring it back and get back good jobs and rising take-home pay. 
>> Well let's talk about what we need to compete. First of all, governor romney talks about small businesses. Governor, when you were in massachusetts, small businesses DEVELOPMENT RANKED ABOUT 48th, I Think out of 50 states in massachusetts because the policies that you are promoting actually don't help small businesses and the way you define small businesses include folks at the very top. They include you and me. That's not the kind of small business promotion we need. But let's taken example that we know is going to make a difference in the 21st century and that's our education policy. We didn't have a lot of chance to talk about this in the last debate. Under my leadership, what we've done is reformed education, working with governors, 46 states, we've seen progress and gains in schools that were having a terrible time. And they're starting to finally make progress. And what I now want to do is to hire more teachers especially in math and science. We know we've fallen behind when it comes to math and science and those teachers can make a difference. Governor romney, when you were asked by teachers whether or not this would help the economy grow, you said this isn't going to help the economy grow. When you were asked about reduced class sizes, you said class sizes don't make a difference. But I tell you, if you talk to teachers, they will tell you it does make a difference. And if we've got math teachers who are able to provide the kind of support that they need for our kid, that's what's going to determine whether or not the new businesses are created here. Companies are going to locate here depending on whether we've got the most highly skilled workforce and the kinds of budget proposals that you've put forward, when we don't ask either you or me to pay a dime more in terms of reducing the deficit but instead we slash support for education, that's undermining our long term competitiveness. That is not good for america's position in the world. And the world notices. 

[00:58:25]


>> Let me get back to foreign policy. I can just get back -- 
>> I need to speak a moment, bob, just about education. 
>> Okay. 
>> I'm so proud of the state that I had the chance to be governor of. We have every two years tests that look at how well our kids are doing. Fourth-graders and eighth-graders are tested in english and math. While I was governor, our fourth-graders came out number one in all 50 states in english and also in math. Fourth-graders, number one in english, and in math. First time the state had been number one in all four measures. How do we do that? Republicans and democrats came together on a bipartisan basis to put in place education principles that focused on having great teachers in the classroom. That was what allowed us to become the number one state in the nation. 
>> But that was ten years before you took office. Then you cut education spending when you came in to office. 
>> The first -- 
>> and we kept our schools number one in the nation. They're still number one today and the principles that we put in place. We also gave kids not just a graduation exam. To determine whether they were up to the skills needed to be able to compete but also if they graduated the top quarter of their class they got a four-year tuition-free ride at any massachusetts public institution of higher learning. 
>> That happened before you came into office. 
>> That was actually mine, mr. President. 

[01:00:51]


>> I want to try to shift it because we have heard some of this in the other debates. Governor, you say you want a bigger military, you want a bigger navy. You don't want to cut defense spending. What I want to ask you, we're talking about financial problems in this country. Where are you going to get the money? 
>> Well, let's come back and talk about the military but all the way through. First of all, I'm going through from the very beginning. We're going to cut 5% of the discretionary budget excluding military. 
>> Can you do that without driving us deeper into debt? 
>> I'll be happy to have you take a look. Come on our website. You can look to how we get to a balanced budget within eight to ten years by reducing spending in a whole series of programs. Number one I'd get rid of is obamacare. A number of things sound good but frankly, we can't afford them. That one doesn't sound good and it is not affordable. I get rid of that on day one. We take program after program that we don't absolutely have to have and we get rid of them. Number two, we take some programs that we are going to keep like medicaid which is a program for the poor. Take that health care program for the poor and we give it to the states to run because states run these programs more efficient efficiently. As a governor, I thought please, give me this program. I can run this more efficiently than the federal government and states are proving it. States like arizona, rhode island have taken these medicaid dollars, have shown they can run these programs more cost effectively. I want to do those two things. It gets to us a balanced budget within eight to ten years. But the military -- let's get back to the military though. 
>> That's what I'm trying to -- 
>> he should have answered the first question. Look. Governor romney's called for $5 trillion of tax cuts that he says he'll pay for by closing deductions. Now the math doesn't work but he continues to claim he's going to do it. He then wants to spend another $2 trillion on military spending that our military's not aski for. Now keep in mind that our military spending has gone up every single year that I've been in office. We spend more on our military than the next ten countries combined. China, russia, france, united kingdom, you name it. Next ten. And what I did was work with our joint chiefs of staff to think about what are we going need in the future to make sure that we are safe. And that's the budget that we've put forward. But what you can't do is spend $2 trillion in additional military spending that the military's not asking for, $5 trillion on tax cuts, you say that you're going to pay for it by closing loopholes and deductions without naming what those loopholes and deductions are, and thesomehow you're also going to deal with the deficit that we've already got. The math simply doesn't work. But when it comes to our military, what we have to think about is not just budgets. We've got to think about capabilities. We need to be thinking about cyber security. We need to be thinking about space. That's exactly what our budget does but it's driven by strategy. It's not driven by politics. It's not driven by members of congress and what they would like to see. It's driven by what are we going to need to keep american people safe. That's exactly what our budget does. And it also then allows us to reduce our deficit, which is a significant national security concern. Because we've got to make sure that our economy is strong at home so that we can project military power overseas. 

[01:04:31]


>> Bob, I'm pleased that I've balanced budgets. I was in the world of business for 25 years. You didn't balance your budget, you went out of business. I went to the olympics that was out of balance and we got it on balance and made a success there. I had the chance to be governor of a state four years in a row, democrats and republicans came together to balance the budget. We cut taxes 19 times. Balanced our budget. The president hasn't balanced a budget yet. I expect to have the opportunity to do so myself. I'm going to be able to balance the budget. Let's talk about military spending. That's this. 30 seconds. 
>> Our navy is -- excuse me, our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're now at under 285. We're headed down to the low 200s IF WE GO THROUGH A Sequestration. I want to make sure the navy has the ships that are required. We've changed for the first time since fdr -- since fdr we've always had the strategy of saying we could fight if two conflicts at once. Now we're changing to one conflict. This is my view is the highest responsibility of the president of the united states which is to maintain the safety of the american people. And I will not cut our military budget by a trillion dollars which is a combination of the budget cuts the president has as well as the sequestration cuts. That in my view is making our future less certain and less secure. 
>> Bob, I just need to comment on this. First of all, the sequester is not something I've proposed. It is something congress has proposed. It will not happen. The budget we are talking about is not reducing our military spending. It is maintaining it. But I think governor romney may be hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example, and that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. We had these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have these ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines. So the question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. It's what are our capabilities. So when I sit down with the secretary of the navy and the joint chiefs of staff, we determine how are we going to be best able to meet all of our defense needs in a way that also keeps faith with our troops, that also makes sure that our veterans have the kind of support that they need when they come home. And that is not reflected in the kind of budget that you're putting forward, because it just doesn't work. We visited the website quite a bit. And it still doesn't work. 

[01:07:14]


>> Lot to cover. I'd like to move to the next segment. Red lines, israel and iran. Would either of you -- you'll have two minutes. And president obama, you have the first go at this one. Would either of you be willing to declare that an attack on israel is an attack on the united states? Which of course is the same promise that we give to our close allies like japan. And if you made such a declaration, would not that deter iran? It certainly deterred the soviet union for a long, long time when we made that promise to our allies. Mr. President? 
>> First of all, israel is a true friend. It is our greatest ally in the region. And if israel is attacked, america will stand with israel. I've made that clear throughout my presidency. 
>> So you're saying we've already made that declaration. 
>> I will stand with israel if they are attacked. This is the reason why working with israel, we have created the strongest military and intelligence cooperation between our two countries in history. In fact, this week we'll be carrying out the largest military exercise with israel in history, this very week. But, to the issue of iran, as long as I'm president of the united states, iran will not get a nuclear weapon. I made that clear when I came into office. We then organized the strongest coalition and the strongest sanctions against iran in history. And it is crippling their economy. Their currency has dropped 80%. Their oil production has plunged to the lowest level since they were fighting a war with iraq 20 years ago. So their economy is in a shambles. The reason we did this is because a nuclear iran is a threat to our national security, and it is a threat to israel's national security. We can't afford to have a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region in the world. Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism and for them to be able to provide nuclear technology to non-state actors, that's unacceptable. And they have said they want to see israel wiped off the map. So the work that we've done with respect to sanctions now offers iran a choice. They can take the diplomatic route and end their nuclear program, or they will have to face a united world, and a united states president, me, who said we're not going to take any options off the table. The disagreement I have with governor romney is that during the course of this campaign he's often talked as if we should take premature military action. I think that would be a mistake, because when I've sent young men and women into harm's way, i always understand that that is the last resort, not the first resort. 

[01:10:06]


>> Two minutes. 
>> Well, first of all, I want. To underscore the same point the president made which is that if I'm president of the united states, when I'm president of the united states, we will stand with israel. And if israel is attacked, we have their back. Not just diplomatically, not just culturally, but military. That's number one. Number two, with regards to iran and the threat of iran, there's no question but that a nuclear capable iran is unacceptable to america. It presents a threat not only to our friends but ultimately a threat to us to have iran have nuclear weapons that could be used against us or threatening to us. It is also essential for us to understand what our mission is in iran. That is to dissuade iran from having a nuclear weapon through peaceful and diplomatic means. And crippling sanctions are something I called for five years ago. I laid out seven steps. Crippling sanctions were number one. And they do work. Are you seeing it right now in the economy. It is absolutely the right thing to do to have crippling sanctions. I'd have put them in place earlier but it is good that we have them. Two, something I'd add today, i would tighten those sanctions. I would say ships that carry iranian oil can't come into our ports. I would imagine the eu would agree with us as well. Not only ships couldn't, but companies who are moving their oil can't. People who are trading in their oil can't. I would tighten those sanctions further. Secondly, I'd take on diplomatic isolation efforts. I'd make sure that ahmadinejad is indicted under the nocide convention. I would indict him for it. I would also make sure their diplomats are treated like the pariah they are around the world, the same way we treated the apartheid diplomats of south africa. We need to increase pressure time and time again on iran because anything other than a solution to this which says -- which stops this nuclear folly of theirs is unacceptable to america. And of course, a military action is the last resort. It is something one would only consider if all of the other avenues have been tried to their FULL EXTENT.ople save a lot of money. 

[01:12:17]


But today...( SFX: Loud noise oflarge metal object hitting the ground) things have been a little strange. 
(SFX: Sound of piano smashing) 
Roadrunner: Meep meep. Meep meep? 
(SFX: Loud thud sound) What a strange place. GEICO????. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more on car insurance. @p@p What is the dealful there are such talks. The deal, mr. President. 

[01:15:15]


>> Those are reports in the newspaper. They are not true, but our goal is to get iran to recognize it needs to give up its nuclear program and abide by the u.N. Resolutions that have been in place, because they had the opportunity to re-enter the community of nations. And we would welcome that. There are people in iran who have the same aspirations as people all around the world for a better life. And we hope that their leadership takes the right decision. The deal we'll accept is to end their nuclear program. It's very straightforward. I'm glad governor romney agrees with the steps we're taking. There have been time, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did, but you'd say them louder. Somehow that would make a difference. It turns out the work involved in setting up these crippling sanctions is painstaking. It's meticulous. We started from the day we got into office. And the reason it was so important, and this is a testament to how we've restored american credibility and strength around the world, we had to make sure all the countries participated. Even countries like russia and china. Because if it's just us that are ing sanctions in place for a long time. It's because we got everyone to agree that iran is seeing so much pressure, we have to maintain that pressure. There is a deal to be had. They abide by the rules that have already been established. They convince the international community they are not pursuing a nuclear program. There are inspections that are very intrusive. But over time what they can do is regain credibility. In the meantime we're not going to let up on the pressure until we have the effort take place. And one last thing just to make this point. The clock is ticking. We're not going to allow iran to perpetually engage in negotiations that lead nowhere. I've been very clear to that. Because of t intelligence coordination we do, with a range of countries including israel. We have a sense of when they would get breakout capacity, which means we would not be able to intervene in time to stop their nuclear program. That clock is ticking. We're going to make sure if they do not meet the demands of the international community, then we are going to take all options necessary to make sure that they don't have nuclear power. 

[01:17:55]


>> Governor? 
>> I think from the beginning, one of the challenges we've had with iran, is they have looked at the administration, and felt administration was not as strong as it needed to be. I think they saw weakness where they expected to find american strength. The president in his campaign four years ago said he would meet with all the world's worst actors in his first year, with chavez, kim jong-il, with castro and presidenthmadinejad of iran. I think they looked and thought, that's an unusual honor to receive from the president of the united states, and then the president began what I called an apology tour, of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they looked at that and saw weakness. Then when there were dissidents in the streets of tehran holding signs saying, is america with us, the president was silent. I think they noticed that as well. I think that when the president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and israel, that they noticed that as well, all of these things suggested I think to the iranian mullas that, hey, we can keep on pushing along here. We can keep talks going on, we're going to keep sing centrifuges. Now there's some 10,000 centrifuges spinning uranium preparing to create a nuclear threat to the united states and to the world. That's unacceptable for us, and it's essential for a president to show strength from the beginning, to make it clear what is acceptable and not acceptable. An iranian nuclear program is not acceptable to us. They must not develop nuclear capability. The way to make sure they understand that is by having the tightest sanctions possible. They need to be tightened. Our diplomatic isolation needs to be tightened. We need to indict ahmadinejad, we need to put the pressure on them as hard as we can, because if we do that, we won't have to take the military action. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been cold during the course of this campaign. The governor has looked at every statement and said this is not true. When it comes to tightening sanctions, look, as I said before, we've put in the toughest, most crippling sanctions ever. And the fact is, while we were coordinating an international coalition to make sure these sanctions were effective, you were still invested in a chinese state oil company that was doing business with the iranian oil sector. So I'll let the american people decide, judge, who's going to be more effective and more credible when it comes to imposing crippling sanctions, and with respect to our attitude about the iranian revolution, I was very clear about the murderous activities that had taken place, and that was contrary to international law and everything that civilized people stand for. And so the strength that we have shown in iran is shown by the fact that we've been able to mobilize the world. When I came intoffice, the world was divided. Iran was resurgent. Iran is at its weakest point economically, strategically, militarily since then in many years. We are going to continue to keep the pressure on to make sure they don't get a nuclear weapon. That wbe the case so long as I am president. 

[01:21:23]


>> We're four years closer to a nuclear iran. We're four years closer to a nuclear iran, and we should not have wasted these four years to the extent that they continue to be able to spin these centrifuges and get that much closer. That's number one. Number two, mr. President, the reason I call it an apology tour, you flew to the middle east, turkey, iraq. And by the way, you skipped israel. Our closest friend in the region, but you went to the other nation, and b the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. And in those nations and on arabic tv, you said america had been dismissive d derisive, you said on occasion america had dictated to other nations. Mr. President, america has not dictated to other nations. We have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> If we're going to talk about trips we've taken. When I was a candidate for office, the first trip I took was to visit our troops. And when I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors, I didn't attempt fund-raisers, i went to the holocaust museum there to remind myself the nature of evil, and why our bond with israel will be unbreakable. And then I went down to the border towns of staroke which had experienced missiles raining down from hamas, and I saw families who showed me where missiles had come down near their children's bedrooms, I was reminded what that would mean if those were my kids. Which is why as president we funded an iron dome program to stop those missiles. So that's how I've used my travels, when I traveled to israel and when I travelled to the region, and the central question at this point is going to be, who's going to be credible to all parties involved? And they can look at my track record, whether it's iran's sanctions, whether it's dealing with counterterrorism, whether it's supporting democracy, rights, supporting religious minorities and they can say the president of the united states and the united states of america stood on the right side of history. And that kind of credibility is precisely why we've been able to show leadership on a wide range of issues facing the world right now. 

[01:24:53]


>> Announcer: You never know when, but thieves can steal your identity and turn your life upside down. 
>> Hi. >> Hi. You know, I can save you 15% today if you open up a charge card account with us. 
>> You just read my mind. 
>> Announcer: Just one little piece of information and they can open bogus accounts, stealing your credit, your money and ruining your reputation. That's why you need lifelock to relentlessly protect what matters most... 
[Beeping...] helping stop crooks before your identity is attacked. And now you can have the most comprehensive identity theft protection available today... Lifelock ultimate. So for protection you just can't get anywhere else, get lifelock ultimate. 
>> I didn't know how serious identity theft was until I lost my credit and eventually I lost my home. 
>> Announcer: Credit monitoring is not enough, because it tells you after the fact, sometimes as much as 30 days later. With lifelock, as soon as our network spots a threat to your identity, you'll get a proactive risk alert, protecting you before you become a victim. 
>> Identity theft was a huge, huge problem for me and it's gone away because of lifelock. 
>> Announcer: While no one can stop all identity theft, if criminals do steal your information, lifelock will help fix it, with our $1 million service guarantee. Don't wait until you become the next victim. You have so much to protect and nothing to lose when you call lifelock now to get two full months of identity theft protection risk free. That's right, 60 days risk-free. 
Use promo code: Gethelp. If you're not completely satisfied, notify lifelock and you won't pay a cent. Order now and also get this shredder to keep your documents out of the wrong hands-- a $29 dollar value, free. Get protected now. Call the number on your screen or go to lifelock.Com to try lifelock protection risk free for a full 60 days. 
Use promo code: Gethelp. Plus get this document shredder free-- but only if you act right now. Call the number on your screen now! 

[01:27:13]


>>> What if the prime minister said we're going to bomb and they're on the way? 
>> Let's not go into that. My relationship with the prime minister of israel is we would not get a call saying the bombers are on the way or their fighters are on the way'sthis is the kind of thing that would have been discussed and thoroughly evaluated well before that kind of -- 
>> you're saying -- 
>> that's -- 
>> okay -- 
>> let me -- let's go back to what the president was speaking about, which is what's happening in the world and the president's tamt that things are going so well. Look, I look at things happening around the world and I see iran closer to the middle east I see violence, tumult, jihadists continuing to spread, hard to precisel measure, but clear they're there and very strong. I see syria with 30,000 civilians dead, assad still in por. I look and the world and i don't see that north korea continuing to export nuclear technology. Russia not following lugar anymore. Back away from nuclear proliferation, a treaty we had with them. I look around the world and don't see our influence growing around the world. I see our influence receding because in part of deal wig our economic challenges at home. In part because of our withdrawal from the military and the way I think it ought to be in part because of the turmoil with israel. The president receive add letter from 38 democrat senators saying tensions with israel were a real problem. They asked him, please repair the tensions. Democrat senators, please repair the damage in his own party. 
>> All right. Governor, the problem is, that on a whole range of issues, whether it's the middle east, whether it's afghanistan, iraq, whether it's now iran, you've been all over the map. I mean, I'm pleased that you now are endorsing our policy of applying diplomatic pressure and potentially having bilateral discussions with the iranians to end their nuclear program, but just a few years ago you said that's something you would never do. Just the same way you opposed a timetable in afghanistan. Now you're f it? It depends. In the same way you say you would have ended the war in iraq, but recently gave a speech saying we should have 20,000 more folks in there. The same way you said that it was mission creek to go after gadhafi. When it comes to going after osama bin ladin you said any president would make that call. But when were you a candidate in 2008, as I was, and I said if i got bin laden in our sights, i would take that shot. You said we shouldn't move heaven and earth for one man, we should ask pakistan permission. If we had asked pakistan for permission, we would not have gotten it. We should movend earth to get him. After we killed bin ladin I was at ground zero for a memorial and talked to a young wowho was four years old when 9/11 happened, and the last conversation she had with her father was him calling from the twin towers, saying peyton, i love you, and I will always watch over you. And for the next decade she was haunted by that conversation, she said to me, you know by finally getting bin ladin that brought some closure to me. And when we do things like that, when we bring those who have harmed us to justice, that sends a message to the world. And it tells peyton that we did not forget her father. I make that point because that's the kind of clarity of leadership, and those decisions are not always popular. Those decisions generally are not poll tested. Even some in my own party, including my current vice president had the same critique as you did. But what the american people understand is that I look at what we need to get done to keep the american people safe and to move our interests forward, and I make those decisions. 

[01:31:45]


>> All right.0??@??f?? 

[01:34:54]


>>> let's go -- and that leads us to the next segment, governor. America's longest war in pakistan. Governor, you get to go first. 
>> You can't have the president just lay out a whole series of items without giving me a chance to -- 
>> with respect, sir, you had laid out quite a program. 
>> That's true. 
>> We'll agree on that. 
>> We'll catch up. 
>> The united states is scheduled to turn over responsibility for security in afghanistan to the afghan government in 2014. At that point we will withdraw our combat troops, leave a smaller force of americans, if i understand ouricy, in afghanistan for training purposes. It seems to me the key question here is, what do you do if the deadline arrives and it is obvious the afghans are unable to handle their security? Do we still leave? And I believe governor romney, you go first. 
>> We're going to be finished by 2014, and when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by 2014. The commanders and generals are on track to do so. We've seen progress over the past several years. The surge has been successful, and the training program is proceeding at pace. There are now a large number of afghan security forces, 350,000 that are ready to step in to provide security and we're going to be able to make that transition by the end of 2014, so our troops will come home at that point. I can tell you at the same time, that we will make sure that -- we look at what's happening in pakistan and recognize that what's happening in pakistan is going to have a major impact on the success in afghanistan. I say that because I know a lot of people feel we should wash our hands and walk away. And I don't mean you, mr. President, but some in our nation are feeling that pakistan's being nice to us, and we should walk away. Pakistan is important to the region, the world and us. Pakistan has nuclear warheads and they're rushing to build a lot more. They'll have more than great britain sometime in the relatively near future. They also have the haqqani network and the taliban existent in their country. So aistan that falls apart would be of extraordinary danger to afghanistan and to us and so we're going to have to remain helpful and encouraging kistan to move toward a more stable government and rebuild the relationship with us. And that means that our aid that we provide to pakistan is going to be conditioned upon certain benchmks being met. So for me I look at this as a need to help move pakistan in the right direction and, also, to get afghanistan to be ready, and they will be ready by the end of 2014. 

[01:37:46]


>> Mr. President? 
>> When I came into office, we were still bogged down in iraq, and afghanistan had been drifting for a decade. We ended the war in iraq, refocused our attention on afghanistan, we delivered a surge of troops. That was facilitated in part because we had ended the war iraq. And we are now in a position where we have met many of the objectives that got us there in the first place. Part of what had happened is we'd forgotten why we had gone. We went because there were people who were responsible for 3,000 american deaths. We decimated al qaeda's poor leadership between afghanistan and pakistan. We then started to build up afghan forces, and we're now in a position where we can transition out. Because there's no reason why americans should die when afghans are perfectly capable of defending their own country. That transition has to take place in a responsible fashion. We've been there a long time and we've got to make sure that we and our coalition partners are pulling out responsibly and giving the afghans what they need. What the american people recognize is after a decade of war, it's time to do some nation-building here at home. And we can now free up some resources to put americans back to work, especially our veterans, rebuilding our roads, bridges, schools. Making sure that our veterans are getting the care that they need, when it comes to posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. Making sure that the certifications that they need for good jobs of the future are in pla. I was having lunch with some -- a veteran in minnesota who had been a medic dealing with the most extreme circumstances when become a nurse, he had to start from scratch. What we have said is, let's change those certifications. The first lady's done great work with an organization called joining forces, putting our veterans back to work. As a consequence, veteran's unemployment is now lower than the general population, it was higher when I came into office. Those are the kinds of things we can now do because we're making that transition in afghanistan. 

[01:40:13]


>> All right. Let me go to governor romney, because you talked about afghanistan and what needs to be done there. General allen our commander in afghanistan says that americans continue to die at the hands of groups who are supported by pakistan. We know that pakistan has arrested the doctor who helped us catch osama bin laden. It still provides a safe haven for terrorists, yet we continue to give pakistan billions of dollars. Is it time for us to divorce pakistan? 
>> No, it's not time to divorce a nation on earth that has 100 nuclear weapons and is on the way to double that at some point. A nation that has serious threats from terror groups within its nation. As I indicated, the taliban and haqqani. It's a nation that's not like others, it doesn't have a civilian leadership. You have the isi there, the organization that is probably the most powerful of the three branches. You have the military and the civilian government. This is a nation, which if it falls apart, if it becomes a failed state there are nuclear weapons there. Have you terrorists there who can grab their hands out of those nuclear weapons. This is an important part of the world for us. Pakistan is technically an ally and they're not acting like an ally right now, and we have some work to do. I don't blame the administration for the fact that the relationship with pakistan is strained. We had to go into pakistan. We had to go in there to get osama bin laden. That was the right thing to do. That upset them, there was a great deal of anger before that. We're going to have to work with the people in pakistan to try to help them move to a more responsible course than the one they're on. It's important for them. It's important for the nuclear weapons, for the success of afghanistan. Because inside pakistan you have a large group of pashtans that are afghanistans, and they're going come rushing back into afghanistan when we go. It's iortant for us to recognize that we can't just walk away from pakistan. But we do need to make sure that as we send support for them, that this is tied to them making progress on matters that would lead them to becoming a civil society. 

[01:42:40]


>> Let me ask you, governor, we know president obama's position on this one. What is your position on the use of drones? 
>> Well, I believe we should use any and all means necessary to take out people who pose a threat to us and our friends around the world. It's widely reported that drones are being used in drone strikes. I support that entirely, and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology and believe we should continue to use it, to continue to go after the people who represent a threat to this nation and our friends. Leme also note that as I said earlier, we're going to have to do more than going after leaders and killing bad guys, as important as that is. We're also going to have a far more effective and comprehensive strategy to help move the world away from terror and islamic extremism. We haven't done that yet. We talk a lot about these things. You look at the record of the last four years and say, is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tumult? Yes. Is al qaeda on the run, on its heels? No. Are israel and the palestinian closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. They haven't had talked in two years. We have not seen the p need to have, and I'm convinced with strong leadership and an effort to build a strategy based upon helping these nations reject eremism, we can see thend of peace and prosperity the world demands. 
>> Keep in mind our strategy wasn't just going after bin ladin. We created partnerships to go and deal with extremism. In somalia, in yemen, in pakistan. And what we'velso done is engage these governments in the kind of reforms that are going to make a difference in people's lives day to day, to make sure their governments aren't corrupt. To make sure they're treating women with the kind of respect and dignity that every nation that succeeds has shown. And to make sure that they've got a free market system that works. So across the board, we are engaging them in building capacity in these countries and we have stood on the side of democracy. One thing I think americans should be proud of, when 

﻿Title: Dinosaur Train - Carla Cretoxyrhina; Train Trouble
Description: The family has an underwater excursion with a shark; dinosaur brothers Oren and Ollie take a train trip to Troodon Town.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/11/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> [Squawk]] 
>> no, thanks. We'll run! 
>> Oh, ha ha ha! 
>> Ha ha ha! 
>> Don! 
>> [Cheering] 
>> wow! This is the greatest dinosaur train moment I can ever remember. 
>> Oh, I love this, too, buddy. I just love trains. Ahem. Commence pulling the engine! 
>> Yay! We made it! 
>> [Squawk] what a ride! 
>> Oren and ollie and tiny and shiny, you helped save the day! 
[Squawk] 
>> yeah! 
>> Well, it's time to turn the train around. You kids want to watch? 
>> Yes! 
>> To the roundhouse! 
>> Oren, ollie, look! They're turning the train around! 
>> [Squawk] 
>> and laura's helping! 
>> Ohh. 
>> Well, folks, the dinosaur train engine is all fixed! We're ready to roll. All aboard! 
>> Oren, ollie, it's time to go! 43, 44, 40--uh, uh--45, 711. Ooh, a lot. 
>> Ok. We're finally... 
>> Tired... 
>> Of running! Ohh. 
>> [Giggling] 
>> ?????? dinosaur train dinosaur train ?????? 
>> ?????? we're gonna ride the dinosaur train we're gonna ride the dinosaur train ?????? 
>> next stop pteranodon terrace! 
>> In the cretaceous time period! Bu--uh--oopsie-doodle. Thought I was the conducr again. Bluhhh! 

[00:02:05]


>> [Laughing] 
>> oh, mother. 
>> Bye, oren, ollie, and mrs. Ornithomimus! 
>> Bye! Thanks for taking us to oodon town! 
>> It was great to see you finally run until you can't run anymore! 
>> Oh. We're rested up now. 
>> Yeah! 
[Whistle blows] want to race? 
>> [Laughing] 
>> oh, well. Next time. Bye! 
>> Bye! 
>> Hi, there. I'm dr. Scott the paleontologist, and you all know what this is. 
>> The dinosaur train! 
>> I'm an expert on dinosaurs and fossils, so I don't know much about trains, but I know somebody who does. 
>> Point of fact--i love trains and know something about them. 
>> Go for it. 
>> Train tracks armade of two very long metal pieces called rails. Rails run alongside each other and are connected together by a piece of wood called a tie. Not this kind of tie. This kind of tie. Most trains have different kinds of cars, the engine, passenger cars, and a caboose. On the dinosaur train, there are special cars like the observation car and the aqua car. 
>> Dinosaur train! 
>> Yes, I agree. Go, dinosaur train, go! Thank you! 
>> Well, thanks for all that cool train information. Remember, get outside, get into trains, and make your own discoveries. 
>> Did you know that 
Announcer: October is here, so get in the spirit. Well, it is halloween. Pbs kids is celebrating the spookiest time of the year. Bring on the spooky! Ooh! 
Announcer: We're kicking it all off with a super weird "wild kratts" week... Those teeth are awesome! With new shows and new ways to be weird. Uhh! 
Announcer: Then look out... For even more spooky fun all the way up to halloween! It all starts with weird kratts week all this week on pbs kids OR ANYTIME AT pbskids.org. Was made possible by contributions to your pbs station from... 

[00:06:11]


- Hi. I'm murray from sesame street, and I'm looking for the word on the street. What's the word on the street? 
- Recipe. - What is a recipe? 
- Instructions for making food. 
- Do you have any recipes here, john? 
- I do. I have one today for mango salsa. 
- It says you need 1 mango, 1/2 red onion, 1 chili, 

﻿Title: Dish Nation
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

"Dish tion" -- 
>> justin timberlake and jessica biel. The big, fat $7 million wedding and the happy newlyweds. 
>>> Kanye about to put a ring on it? The kardashians get the invitations ready. 
>>> Finding out a cook is grinding with her husban. 
>> Today we have a surprise! 
>> That's what we dishing about. 
>>> We've taken the greatest radio voices in america and made them the new face of television entertainment news. This is "dish nation." 
>> Justin timberlake said bye to singledom by marrying jessica biel over the weekend. Had a lot of people there, chris kirk patrick, jimmy fallon, timberland. They were all there. 
>> I think it's interesting only chris kirkpatrick from n'sync were invited. Sanberg was there, his partner in crime, as a wedding present to jessica biel, justin presented her with a [ bleep ] in the box. Oh, I've seen that before. 
>> I get it, a bleep in a box, yeah, that would be a viral vieo. 
>> Viral, all right. 
>> How about this picture of them after the wedding, both had the stupid hats on. 
>> Looked cranky. 
>> Really, you're going to dress like that now? 
>> That's the snapsh of reality setting in. 
>> That, the rest of my life, huh? 
>> That's what I'm going to get. 
>> You brought sexy back, really, sure you didn't lose it somewhere? 
>> They are saying now justin slashed his way for the ring for the first time. They got married in -- fasano -- 
>> fasano? 
>> Fasano, what is it? 

[00:02:02]


>> I don't know. 
>> They got married in fasano, italy. He gave her a beautiful 6-karat diamond ring. 
>> I'm glad he flashed his ring. Some married men don't wear their ring, not even a tan line, not even thought about it. Good for him. If you were my husband, you would start wearing jewelry. 
>> Nobody seen me with a ring on ever. 
>> You hadn't been married for a long time either? 
>> I was married ten years. 
>> Y'all shouldn't have worn one, you didn't get along. Yeah, you're right, you wouldn't have worn one. You're married, do you wear your ring all the time? 
>> Yeah, but I lost mine. Wasn't my fault, though. It's a legitimate excuse. I was staying at ahotel, I took the ring off to wash m hands, and I left. 
>> Wash your hands with the ring on. 
>> If anybody out there had seen his wedding ring, please, give us a call. You can e-mail us at www.Find my damnring. Www -- I really don't like to wear rings. 
>> What's the website? 
>>> Chris brown and rihanna are just one step closer to telling the world what we already know, that they are going to go public with their romance. 
>> Did you see the video that came out? 
>> They should get t-shirts, I'm with him, I'm with her. 
>> I'm with stupid. 
>> Right? 
>> Takes a break from recording her new album, joins him at his event as his date. He's launching an internet channel. 
>> What is it, ultimate fighting? 
>> Give them a chance. Give these kids a fighting chance. 
>> You can't say fighting. 
>> If they are going to be together, don't we wish the best for them? 
>> Of course, we do. 
>> Let's support them with love and positive energy and all that good stuff. 
>> Watch this part right here when chris brown gets up and walks away, this other girl comes up. Looks like she is telling sister girl rihanna what is up. We have a limited amount of time. I have to tell you what's going on, he's a terrible person. Don't get in his car, I have my car running out front. Let's go! 

[00:04:16]


>> This is huge, allyson, all over the twitter sphere. Apparently chris brown and rihanna were seen talking at an outdoor nightclub in beverly hills saturday night. 
>> I have a dilemma? 
>> Yeah? 
>> I've been given something to use, and I really want to use it right now, but I'm afraid if i waste it, I wouldn't have it for a kardashian story later, but "dish nation" is giving me one free nas-card. 
>> It's not my story telling. 
>> One free nap through a story. It's my "dish nation" nap card. If I play it now, though -- 
>> you can't use it for the kardashians. 
>> You may tell me a story about a kardashn later. 
>> We're always dishing about kim. 
>> Chris brown and rihanna, how many times can I handle it? Nope, I'm going to use nap card! 
>> See if the rest of the world can handle this. Chris brown and rihanna were at a club in beverly hills and -- anyway, I'm out. 
>>> Kim and kanye, still going strong over in rome having dinner. 
>> You know, frolicking the streets, but your best radio friend, ryan seacrest has the inside scoop and teased kanye could be popping the question soon. 
>> Maybe that's why they went to rome. 
>> And why she was wearing a wedding dress to her birthday dinner. Come on, could you scream for attention anymore than she is? 
>> Her ring was so big last time and her wedding was so over the top, how do you top it? 
>> He's taking diamonds and different gems from his late mother's jewelry collection and fashioning a wedding ring for her made out of dead-woman jewelry. 
>> Yes, yes. 
>> When you're making love to your wife and holding her hand -- 

[00:06:17]


>> take the ring off. 
>> Looking at that ring and makes you think of mom. 
>> Take the ring off. 
>> Pictures of jay-z? 
>> Oh! 
>> What? 
>> All right, kim kardashian celebrated her 32nd birthday over the weekend, and she went with kanye west to italy. She had a black dress on but had a limo driver and somebody else roll her clothes thing-y in, changed into a green outfit to leave the restaurant. Kanye kept on the same outfit, but kim had to change during dinner. 
>> Had a salad, sit outside in a van with clothes that follow her around case she want to change clothes? 
>> Didn't kim make, like, $19 million off her first wedding with kris humphries? 
>> Who cares? 
>> I spent $1,900 on my wedding. Isn't that something? 
>> I didn't think it was that much. 
>> We did. Got mied at the courthouse and went and ate at a little cajun restaurant and went to sleep. 
>> What did the $1,900 go towards? 
>> You dummy, that's how much she told you the food was. 
>> I was scammed. 
>>> Now it's time to get more laughs from "dish nation" from the get more cash people novation. We want more laughs from you, so send in your caption to today's photo. Take a look. Take a look at today's photo of rihanna. 
>> Hey, drink, come on in. 
>> Matt kemp, come on in. Ashton kutcher, come on in. Rihanna says, oh, dominos, come on in. 
>> Post your best caption on the "dish nation" page. We'll take our favorite and read it on friday's show. More laughs powered by novation capital. 
>>> Next, tyler perry drags down the box office. 
>>> And coming up, bruno mars. You've felt like this before, right? 2:30 in the afternoon, a lot to do...and you've hit the wall. But you gotta get stuff done. So take 5-hour???? Energy. Just open it up, knock it back and roll up your sleeves. 5-hour ENERGY???? is faster and easier than coffee... man, does it work! You'll get that alert, energized feeling you need to get stuff done... A lot of stuff. Wow! Look at you go. 5-hour ENERGY????...When You Gotta Get Stuff Done. 

[00:09:24]


>>> Box office breakdown, what did great this week and what bombed. Paranormal activity with $30 million. 
>> She's so creepy. 
>> Second place was "argo," which I thought was a gas station. It made $16 million for the week. Third place, "hotel transylvania." 
>> I left taken 2 the same way i left taken, liam nissan is a bad ass. 
>> He has a particular set of skills. 
>> I do have a very particular set of skills. 
>> Number five, "alex cross," weakest opening ever for any movie starring tyler perry. 
>> Put him back in a dress where he belongs and we're all comfortable seeing him. 
>> Yes. "Paranormal activity 4." 5 and 6 are coming up. 
>> Apparently, they are going to do a latino veion. 
>> How do you say it in spanish? 
[ Speaking in a foreign language ] 
>> have you heard the plot, have you hea 
>> the rodriguez family, juan and jaime and the twins, octavio and raul. 
>> Grandma in there? 
>> Please tell me there's a quincinera. 
>> All the lawn mowers start turning on by themselves. 
>> They have a bunch of lawn mowers. 
>> A bunch of them. 
>> Any stars? 
>> Carmen electra. 
>> She itina? 
>> She kills him, shocks him to death. 
>> Because she's actually electric? 
>> I want to be in your head for one day. 
>> Might have fun,kelly, come in. 

[00:11:26]


>>> Stefan marlberry used to play for the new york knicks. His wife and him are going to be on the "basketball wives." 
>> She will. I don't think he's going on there. 
>> Supposedly, he had an affair with the personal chef that worked at their house. He could afford a personal chef is the real crime of this story. She was going to tell everybody about it if he didn't give her a million bucks. 
>> Gave her $600,000. 
>> That's where the problem came in. Not only was she a personal chef, she was also a provide for personal services contractor. She said my job is to keep him happy and I guess this was part of it. Is she available now as a personal chef? I like somebody that comes to the job with understanding of what's involved. 
>> Cooper knew. 
>> She knows. 
>> Personal understanding, right, cooper? 
>> Oh, . 
>> Only two years, if she hasn't figured it out by now, I guess we're not getting anything. 
>> She's a personal chef, but in 2010, for some reason, he stopped making payments, so he gave her $600,000, which left a $300,000. 
>> A few pot pies in here? 
>> Then she took him to court and she just won this settlement. 
>> Must have been worth it, have to pay her $900,000, already gave her $600,000. 
>> It was a misunderstanding on stefan's part. He sid he was going to give her $900,000. He was playing basketball in china. Di the way he thought it was going to add up, man. 
>> Next -- 
>> a celebrity sperm bank and you get to pick the dyaddy. 
>> Coming up next, bruno mars is on "dish nation." switching to GEICO sure are happy. I'd say Happier than a Slinky on an escalator. Get happy. Get GEICO. Melons!!! Oh yeah!! Well that was uncalled for. Folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. How happy, Ronny? Happier than Gallagher at a Farmers' Market. Get happy. Get GEICO. cold, nyquil, but I'm still stubbed up. 

[00:13:42]


[ Male Announcer ] TRUTH IS, Nyquil doesn't unstuff your nose. What? 
[ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus Liquid Gels Speeds relief to your worst cold symptoms plus has a decongestant for your stuffy nose. Thanks. That's the cold truth! bliss. One square inch of deliciously smooth chocolate in creamy milk... Or rich dark. Incredible indulgence. One square inch of bliss. Hershey's bliss. two. 
>>> Closed caponing sponsored in part by -- chicken fajitas, topped with monterey jack, chipotle sauce, and crispy onion strings. Chili's $20 dinner for two. More life happens here. ] not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:15:59]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. ???????????? 
>>> it's scott and todd in new york talking about a big story that broke in england about a website called fame daddy. 
>> Our company has scoured the globe for the most eligible bachelors on the planet. Well-known faces from the world of sports, science, and entertainment, have agreed to share their genetic inheritance for the benefit of our clients. 
>> You can actually go in there, or so they said, and get sperm from famous people. Not just famous people, but like professional athletes. 
>> If you want to have a baby -- 
>> if you want to have a baby. 
>> They should mention that. 
>> If you're a girl and you want to have a baby byomeone famous like andrew ridgely from wham. 
>> Why would you ask for anything, let alone his sperm in I don't even want his socks. 

[00:18:01]


>> I hope they get, like, boy george's sperm. That would be cool. 
>> Can we stop talking about whose sperm we hope they get. 
>> He wants to have a milk shake. 
>> I want people to know if you want to have a baby, you go there. 
>> Is that a milk mustache? No. 
>> These are only women who aren't hot. If you're hot enough, you get sperm for free. You don't have to pay for sperm. 
>> I don't think this thing is actually real, scott. I think it's a hoax. It's a big scam. 
>> All the profiles are sort of mysterious. Entrepreneur, worth $1 million. 
>> Come on. 
>> No? 
>> In this world, all the stuff going on, you know somebody believed it and went for it. Especially the lady who went in there looking for andrew ridgely's sperm. 
>> One in four people in the uk have measurable fecal matter on their hands from not washing after using the bathroom. 
>> Eww! 
>> From not washing after they go potty. Measurable fecal matter. 
>> So the fist bump was invented in england? 
>> It's okay if you're going number one, right? 
>> What do you mean? 
>> You still have to wash your hands. 
>> You can just let it out and just chill. 
>> Now you're letting the whole world know you don't wash your hands after going to the bathroom. You're willing to go on record? 
>> That's awesome, high-five. 
>> That's the cleanest part of my body, I think. 
>> The hands are the gateway to disease. Did you kn that? 
>> If I had to give you the charts of the clean part of my body, this would be the cleanest, and this. This touches this. 
>> What is wrong with you? 
>> I thought you were with me on that one. 
>> You stand alone on germy aland. 
>> Lie to the people. 
>> I wash my hands every time. 
>> Let me smell your hands, al. If you wash your hands every time, let me smell your hands. 
>> Let me get your junk first. 
>>> So next time you're in great britain and you're eating food, think about that. 

[00:20:06]


>> Listen, that english accent's only going to get you so far. It's going to get you in the door, that's for sure. But after you're in the door, i want to see some clean hands. Clean fight, clean hands. 
>> Hello, how are you? 
>> You're in. 
>> I'm british. 
>> And -- 
>> the whole world can know it, these hands have not been washed in 14 stones, 16 years. What's british for years? 
>> Years. 
>> Oh, yes, it's been 14 years since last washed the hands after using the lou. 
>> That's why we broke free from great britain. 
>> We wanted to wash our hands. 
>> It was in the first declaration of independence. We wanted freedom of religion, the right to bear arms, and the right to clean arms andhands. 
>>> Next -- 
>> coming ] Crescents Fabulous but...when I add chicken, barbecue sauce... and cheese...and roll it up Woo-wee! I've made a Barbecue Chicken Crescent chow down. Pillsbury Crescents. Let the making begin. ] bread? Here's a better idea. Pillsbury Grands! Flaky Layers Biscuits In just 15 minutes the light delicate layers add a layer of warmth to your next dinner. Pillsbury Grands Bcuits Let the making begin. ] not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:23:11]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. 
>>> "Dish nation" weeknights. Is brad's mom going to jen's wedding? 
>> She was always the favorite. 
>> Is she running for world's's worst mom? 
>> She knows because brad is never going to get married to vampira. 
>> "Dish nation." 
>> That's what we're dishing about. 
>>> Last night on "the real housewives of new jersey," we saw theresa stooping to new lows. In this lost footage, we saw her going to bookstore to bookstore trying to get them to sell her book. 
>> I think my book would sell in your store. Definitely, I should be in here. 

[00:25:16]


>> Well, we usually do it by customer demand. 
>> Oh, okay. 
>> That was my favorite part. I rewound it, like, 30 times. Take that, theresa. I think this is good opportunity for theresa to think of a new career path. She learned how to sell stuff, go door-to-door. 
>> When she goes to sell the knives, check this out, you're going to buy this knife. 
>> With her crazy eyes. Crazy eyes is a sales tactic. Why I couldn't get into sales. I couldn't get them crazy enough. 
>> Check me out. 
>> You would do really well. 
>> You want to buy this! 
>> Wait. Hold on, hold on. I want to give you some money. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Here! Here! 
>>> Bruno mars knocked it out of the park when he did "saturday night live." 
>> He dressed up a girl. 
>> You're jealous, I'm young, got a debit card. You're mad because you ain't got this. You ain't got this. Quit hating, all right, because jesus made me perfect. 
>> What did you think about bruno's performance on "saturday night live"? 
>> I'd rather show you with a facial expression. 
>> Please welcome bruno mars! 
>> You just walked into that "saturday night live" show like you've done it all your life. 
>> Thank you, thank you. 
>> I got to ask ya, how long did it take to do that mouse scene out there in times square? 
>> I don't know what the hell they were doing with that sketch. I took my mask off, yelling at people, talking to people. They could care less about me. At first, oh, my god, this is amazing. Then my insecurity started kicking in, wait a minute -- then I started singing "grenade." Hey, guys, it's me! 

[00:27:18]


>> Viral hit, that look you gave in that woodland park thing. What was that look? Can you take your sungla off and give us that look again? That was a legendary look. 
>> Brand new cd, unorthodoxed JUKEBOX DROPPING DECEMBER 11th. 
>> I'm going to get one. 
>> Download bruno's first single "locked out of heaven." You guys are awesome. Announcer: 

﻿Title: Divorce Court - Lindsey vs. Smith
Description: She suspects that he is cheating on her; he says her bossiness is driving him away.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/28/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Tell me about it. (laughs): "Unclassified." Is it like this all day? (laughter, applause) Y'all just got a taste of what I go through. Announcer: She's the judge who gives rules on the law and life. She's intense with common sense. She's Judge Lynn Toler. OnDivorce Court, where real couples deal with real life. Parrish and Tatiana met at a restaurant he managed. In short order, he not only hired her, but also made her his wife. Now, after three years of marriage, Tatiana says she is ready to quit. I got phone records that say that he-he's been having conversations with different girls and this, that and the third. But when I bring it up to him and ask him about it, he don't know what I'm talking about. Communication. I can get my point out, and when it come to her time, she can't, she can't say whatever it is that's on her mind. Announcer: Can Tatiana and Parrish work to get their marriage off the backburner or has the flame gone out on this relationship? Today on: Bailiff: All rise! Court is now in session. The Honorable Judge Lynn Toler presiding. You may be seated. Good day and gentlemen. I'm here today with Tatiana Lindsey and Parrish Smith. The two of you have been married for three year You have two children together. You are a very young 22 and 21. Uh, you're having some problems though. You want to get a divorce, uh, and, uh, you have financial issues that you would like me to resolve, regarding cars and tuition money, which I will talk about momentarily. But before we do, I'm gonna start with you, Mrs. Lindsey. Why are we here today in divorce court? We're here today because he's a liar, he's a cheat and everything else. It's just all above the book. Okay, like, one day-- let me give you a couple suggestions 

[00:02:00]


or a couple stories. Okay. One day, we was at the gas station. I was pumping gas, and there was a hooker outside. I don't even know if she was a hooker; she just looked like a hooker. Uh-huh. So she was outside, and she was dressed all sleazy and stuff like that. He gonna look over there to break his neck to look around the corner. I'm sitting right there in the car, Your Honor. For real though? You really gonna turn your necknd look at her? So I asked him, I said, "What is you looking at?" He gonna say, "I'm looking at her. Ain't nothing wrong with looking." What you mean "ain't nothing wrong with looking?" There's something wrong with looking if I'm rht here. Okay, then another one. There was a girl-- we was riding the bus. We didn't have a car this time, but we was riding the bus, right? And this girl gonna drop a quarter. Okay, she gonna bend down all like that. Now, who does that? And he gonna be Captain Save-a-blank to go pick up the quarter for her. You won't pick up a quarter for your own son. Who picks up a quarter and gives it to somebody? You pick up a quarter, you put it in your pocket. (laughter) Okay, then another time, we was at the hotel, and he was, um-- he wanted to be all extra nice, talking about some, "Can I get your discount?" What you mean, can you get her discount? You got enough money; you pay for your own hotel! (laughter) Your Honor, it's just so much stuff that I cannot deal with, I won't deal with, that he's doing. And it's just so tired, like-- I'm not the one. He can find somebody else for that one. (chuckles) Hmm. Is it like this all day? (laughter, applause) Man. Y'all just got a taste of what I go through. From what I can gather, from what she's telling me is, she thinks you have a wandering eye, that you look... He do! (laughter) ...that you look at other women in her presence. What do you have to say to that accusation? I don't know what she talking about. A liar. Don't remember that. Ms. Lindsey, let me ask you this. There's-- wherever he goes, there are gonna be women. I... And-and some of them are nogonna be dressed right, some of them not gonna say the right things some of them are not gonna do the right thing. You can't tag him for behaviors he hasn't engaged in. I can, I can tag him for his eyes though. I can tag him for being disrespectful. That I can do. Okay, which you've done. Exactly. Okay, now, um, you say he is a liar and that he is selfish. 

[00:04:01]


Explain that to me. I asked him, I said, "I need you to change the kids, and I need you to wash the kids." "Oh, I got, I got to go somewhere. I got to do this, I got to do that." And I was like, "Okay, well, make sure you hurry up and do that, and you're gonna come right back." "Oh, yeah, I'm gonna come back in, like, ten minutes." Your Honor, I put the car on full, gas, everything. Girl, stop. He came back, he came back five hours later. Had me late for work and everything. Five hours later with no gas in the car. So I said, "Where'd you go? 'Cause you only said you was going around the corner." "Uh, uh, uh..." The same thing, "Uh, uh, uh... I don't, I-I..." "Get it out. Where did you go?" Your Honor, that's not true. I'm the one that put the gas in the c, I'm the one that had to go to work, and I was the one that was late. She was the one riding around, talking about she got to take her sisters to places and she had to go to this place and go to this place. I'm looking like, well, you know what time it is. I got to be at work by 3:00. You're working? Yes, I am. And you're still working? I'm still working. Are you working? Yes. And you're still working? Yes. She ain't working. I like you people. She ain't working. Because you're working. Don't play me. She's not working? She ain't working. She own a company and can't work for that. I have my own company, my own hot dog cart company. I am a lease consultant, and I'm full-time student and a full-time mother. Okay, okay. You say, Mr., uh, Mr. Smith, that, um, she... (laughs) ...that she's very bossy and doesn't communicate well. Oh, my goodnesu. Explain that to me. Communication. All right, we can, wcan go to a room, close doors, and I can get my point out, and when it come to her time, she can't, she can't say whatever it is that's on her mind. Give me an example of a conversationhat you had that didn't turn out right because she couldn't participate. All right. He ain't got one. Check this. We-we getting ready to move-- She always want to cut people off. He ain't got one. But we getting ready to move, like-- All right, I got to work. I can't go out there looking for apartments or houses or nothing like that. But I expect for her to go ahead and do it. She ain't doing nothing. So, at this time, I'm thinking, like, all right. I ask her, "Did y'all 

[00:06:01]


find a place yet?" "Nah, we still looking. Nah, we still looking." Okay, couple days, couple more days go by... No, no. Stop. ...then she want to, she want to go ahead and come in, talking about, "Oh, yeah, we moving right here, and we need to move out this day." Which is tomorrow. I'm looking like, this ain't enough time. When was you gonna tell me everything else? Uh-uh. Did you not give him enough information in time to allow him to respond? He had way more than enough information, ad a date that we were supposed to be out. Never, never. We had a date that we were supposed to be out, which was the first. He knew a month in advance that we were supposed to be out. I gave him plenty of notice, ample enough time to tell me what he wanted for. He didn't want to move into the other apartment, Your Honor, that we had with our sister, because he didn't feel like it was adequate enough for him. Honey, we ain't go no, um-- You told-- he always tell me, I live above my means and I do this and I do that. Flat-out, she is just... I don't need your talk. But when it'time for me... Flat-out, bossy. Shh. Bossy, see? But when it's time for me to do something... Hang on. ...or for me to say something, it's always a problem. I don't think so. But back to the story, before I got rudely interrupted. When it was time for us to look for this apartment, he didn't want to help do it, he didn't want to do-- he didn't want to do nothing but sit on his butt and then find a way. (laughter) And then he waited till-- No, I'm being serious. He waited good and well until we got-- had to move and then back till we get in a hotel. Are you serious? No, don't play me. Do not play me. Are you kidding me? Do not play me. Are you for real? Do not play me. (applause) Are you serious? Don't play me. What? Announcer: WhenDivorce Court continues, can Tatiana prove that Parrish is cheating? I had at least 15 to 20 other girls coming up to me. What?! That's a lie. "This ain't his only child" or "This ain't his boy" and this, that and the third. He don't know I'm a detective. Is your long-time spouse getting on your very last nerve? If you're ready to divorce, call toll-free at: Or visit our Web site at: Or become a fan at: 

[00:10:25]


DivoDivorce Court is back with the case of Tatiana Lindsey who says she is finished with her three-year marriage because her husband is a liar and a cheater. But can she prove it? So it's been plenty times I done caught him and seen him with different females and caught him. You say that you pretended that you were a strange woman on the phone, Oh! and you called him... Ooh! and he spoke, he talked to dirty to you. Let me tell you, oh, it wasn't just dirty, honey. It was unclassified. Unclassified! I caught him, or no, I text him, and when I text him on the phone, he didn't evennow w who I was. And this is when he first came down. He didn't even know who I was. So he gonna answer all these text messages. Now, mind you, my sister Has a ipad, and you can call and text, like, from random numbers. It don't even be the number you're calling or texting from. So I text him, I was, like, "Hey, I know you work at this security company. "and I see you at the security company, and I just wanted to say, you know, you look good" this, that and the third, right? The plan is a random chick or whatever. And he was, like, "Oh, yeah, let me know where I'm at now. "Come and meet me up here now", this that and the third. So I asked him another question... Why would I tell someone, "Meet me at my job"? Uh-uh. ...I said, "Do you have kids?" He gonna tell me... He got three kids. I said, "Do you have kids?" He said, "I only got one. "And that was a little boy. I only got a little boy." And I wanted to snap. I wanted to jump out of character then, but I did not jump out of character. So then I start texting him some other stuff. I was, like, "Okay... Your Honor, she making that up. well, you real sexy," and this, that and the third. Whatever. So then he stopped texting. I guess he had to stop texting me or whatever. So then he texts me from, like, it was a hour later. And he was, like, "Well, let me come and do this," that and a third to you. "Come up to my job. I got a beautiful view "and I can show you this and I can show you that. "But in the meantime, I can do this and that to you." I can even say what it was. Do you recall any instance that...? No. ...that resembled that in any way, shape or form? It don't make no sense for me to call somebody up there where I'm working at. I got businesses coming through all day constantly. 

[00:12:26]


I ain't got no time... ...time to be fooling around with anybody. Where do you think she's pulled this story from? She's delusional. Have you ever caught him cheating? Yes! Well, tell me! Many a time! I don't even want to put that out, but it's been plenty of time. Matter of fact, I'll give you an example. Okay. Okay, we was living in Georgia, right? And I was pregnant with my son. And I had this girl constantly, constantly constantly calling me. Before my son, he has a older daughter. So before my son, I had at least 15 to 20 girls coming up to me, What?! "Well, this ain't his only child or this ain't his boy." Stop, stop. I'm talking. "This ain't his boy" and this, that and the third. So it's been plenty of times where I done caught him on Facebook, on his Twitter, in person on his phone. He don't know I'm a detective. I got phone records that state that he's been having a conversation with different girls and this, that ana third. But when I bring it up to him and ask him about it, he don't know what I'm talking about. But the evidence is clear to see in his face what I'm talking about. I done had his friends, his family call me and tell me "You need to come and get your boy "because he out there doing this "or he out there looking like this. "You need to come and get your husband because "he ain't out here right or he doing this. I caught him with another female. I did this, I did that." So it's been plenty of times that I done caught him and seen him with different females and caught him. Okay, I got you. Now, Mr. Smith, have you ever done anything inappropriate: cheated on her, stepped out, anything? No, I haven't You haven't done anything? No, I haven't. I'm delusional like he said. I must be. I must be. She admitted it. Because there's been plenty of times. Announcer: WhenDivorce Court continues, is Tatiana's temper too much? She got to sit there and yell at the top of her lungs and, "Get your...!" Are you wild and crazy with the kids? Do you think that Tatiana and Parrish can work out their issues? Call: to vote now and see if America agrees with you. 

[00:14:27]


You'll also receive some valuable offers. ] bread? Here's a better idea. Pillsbury Grands! Flaky Layers Biscuits In just 15 minutes the light delicate layers add a layer of warmth to your next dinner. Pillsbury Grands Biscuits Let the making begin. ????@?? 

[00:17:58]


announcer: If you would like your case heard onDivorce Court, call us toll-free at: Or log onto our Web site at: And follow us on Twitter: Divorce Court returns with the case of Parrish Smith who denies his wife's accusations that he is cheating, but does the Judge agree with him? Now that is delusional. No. No, I'm tagging that one right there. No. Let me tell you something. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. My understanding is you bought clothes for her in the wrong size, and she saw that as evidence of cheating. Why don't you explain that? (gallery laughs) Ooh, let me tell you. I go to the store, and I asked her, "What size do you wear?" 'Cause every time I ask her what size does she wear, she gives me a different size every time. I never give you a different size every time. Listen. I took initiative on myself because just looking at her, I said, "Okay, I got a size medium." She told me that, "I can't fit that. Who did you buy this for?" I said, "I bought it for you." I sitting there on the phone, and I even tangled with her. If I'm sitting here telling you what size I wear, and you bring a total 'nother different size, you ain't thinking about me. Because if I told you what size it was... Now that is delusional. No. No, no, I'm tagging that one right there. Let me tell you something. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. He would not be so foolish as to call you on the phone, ask you your size, and then bring home another size for another woman. Doesn't make any sense. He got it wrong, possibly, but that's just what he did. How you gonna get it wrong if I told you? It happens all the time. How? Men can't buy women's clothes. They don't know what they're doing. Go in and, "Baby, I told you this." They come home with that. The don't know nothing. It's just... and that's the way it is. But it doesn't even make sense, the story that you've told. 

[00:19:59]


Mr. Smith, is your main problem with her is that she thinks you're just cheating all the time. Is this the whole thing? Is your life with the kids okay? Is all that all right? Life with the kids is great. I don't have no... You guys don't have any discipline problems? You guys are on the same page with how to raise your kids? Hold on. He can't discipline my kids. He cannot discipline my kids. I don't even have to discipline them. I can look at them a certain way and they get right, that's it. And you lock it down. You got the daddy eye, yeah. She got to sit there and yell at the top of her lungs and, "Get your... over here." Are you wild and crazy with the kids? You don't understand all that. Do not believe... I told you in the beginnng, he's a liar. He's a compulsive liar. I don't have to get loud and obnoxious with my children. Oh, here we go again. I don't even pop my son; I don't punish my son. She is bossy. 'Cause I don't believe in that. Yeah, true indeed, I'm bossy, but I don't believe in popping or giving my son any type of... I'm anot talking about popping, and I'm not talking about hitting. He's talking about you bury them with a barrage of words, and so far, the things that you've said in here lead me to believe that you're quite capable of that. I'm capable of that to him. Not my children. Announcer: WhenDivorce Court continues, will Parrish admit to signing on the dotted line? He owed me $1,500 for that car that I bought and I even got a written notice, and I got my statements You said you agreed to repay your wife for a loan. Oh, wow. Uh-huh. Did you do that? Do you think that Tatiana and Parrish can work out their issues? Call: ...to vote now, and see if America agrees with you. You'll also receive some valuable offers. go counter to treat your toughest skin concerns? Join the counter revolution and switch to Olay Pro-X to see results in 28 days. Anti-aging results so you look up to 12 years younger. 

[00:22:02]


Reduce the look of pores and fight red acne for clearer skin Get cleansing results as effective as a $200 system No matter what your skincare issues you'll see results in 28 days guaranteed Join the counter revolution with potent, professional, Pro-X. smooth, delicious hershey's chocolate with 30% less fat? New hershey's simple pleasures chocolate. 30% less fat, 100% delicious. Busy in here. Yeah. Progressive mobile is... [ "Everybody have fun tonight" plays ] really catching on! People can do it all! Get a quote, buy and manage your policy! -[ Music stops ] -it's great! Well, what's with the... -[ Music resumes ] -music? 
?????? Have fun tonight   ??????
dude. Getting a car insurance quote. I'll let it go to voicemail. [ Clears throat ] 
?????? everybody wang chung tonight     ??????
putting it on vibrate. [ Cell phone vibrates ] -[ loud vibrating ] -it'll pass. [ Vibrating continues ] our giant store and your little phone. That's progressive mobile. So... ] These are Sandra's "homemade" yummy, scrumptious bars. Hmm? I just wanted you to eat more fiber. Chewy, oatie, gooeyness... and fraudulence. I'm in deep, babe. You certainly are. [ Male Announcer ] Fiber One. ????@?? 

[00:25:26]


announcer: Divorce Court returns with the case of Tatiana Lindsey and Parrish Smith, who are seeking a divorce after thre years of marriage and two children together. Why don't you tell me what the final straw was for you. My final straw was when I was going to school at the university for criminal justice, and he was in Georgia still and I was in California. And I told him I need, um... He called me and was like, "Baby, I need a car." And so, me being the loving wife that I am, I stopped everything and gathered the money up to get him that car. He told me he needed it for his security company. Right. Okay. So my thing was my tuition money that I used for my tuition money, I gave it to him. Therefore, that caused me to drop out of school, so he could get the car and the supplies he needed to better us as a family. Right. Because getting his security company will better us as a whole. Right. So, I stopped going to school, and I gave him $1,500 to buy a car. Well, not only did he have everybody else and they mama ride in it, he had this one little female... Didn't tell me she had to drop out of school. Stop. Stop, stop. He had this one little female who I totally disliked riding in my car. And not only did he do that, he took a title loan out on it and he gave it to somebody else. So, how you gonna... So, that caused me to feel like, you just totally disregarded my feelings and totally just disregarded what I said and what I did to put myself in jeopardy of dropping my education for you. So, I told him he owed me $1,500 for my money back for that car that I bought, and I even got a written notice and I got my statements to prove it. Let me see that. Now, Mr. Smith, do you recall the incident that she gave you her tuition money to buy a car? She gave me some money, but I didn't know it was her tuition money. Yeah, you did 'cause I told you. All I know is that she said that she had a little extra money that she could spend or whatever that was saved up and I asked her if I could hold on to it. Which, I mean, you know, I look at it like my money is her money and her money is my money, which, I mean, you know, it's all going to the same place or whatever. Are you familiar with this thing on top? Because it says that you said you agreed 

[00:27:28]


to repay your wife for a loan. Oh, wow. Uh-huh. Did you do that? Uh-huh. Are you... That's mine. Are you familiar with that? I remember signing something, but I ain't remember seeing that. Look, Mrs. Lindsey, I think you're a little out on a limb there. I think here's reasonable, and you went over to the left a little bit, got stuck in a rut, and you just (chugging sounds) right off the edge of the road. You haven't shown me anything in here that he's done to make me believe that he is doing all that cheating and running around that you claim. And I think that you do need to go into counseling so you two can learn how to have a conversation, even if you do get divorced. You got to learn how to talk to each other and deal with each other, 'cause you got two kids together, and they're little. But I think you guys should take a stab at it. You guys are going to school, you have businesses, you work. You know, I never get that in here. Tell her again. I don't need... She talking; be quiet. Yeah, I agree with her on that one. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Now, Mr. Smith, You can't sign things without looking at them. You know, I don't believe that. I learned my lesson on that. It's ridiculous. It's there, it's simply stated, you signed it. I'm gonna have to hold you to it. There is a $1,500 recovery in favor of Mrs. Lindsey. It is so ordered. Thank you. Bailiff: All rise! Parties may leave the courtroom. ANNOUNCER: In the fewest words Tatiana probably ever has spoken, she reports that things have improved since she and Parrish appeared inDivorce Court. She reports that they now finally communicate with each other. And she and Parrish are grateful to Judge Lynn for her advice. Captioning sponsored by 20th television Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org 

[00:29:49]



    whatcha want, whatcha want?       whatcha gonna do       when sheriff john brown come for you?     ??????

﻿Title: Divorce Court - Turner vs. Moorer
Description: He has issues with her weight, her nagging and her cats, and is not sure whether he loves her; she struggles with his religious beliefs and says he is disrespectful and obsessively cheap.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

ofamilies in America, but in her case, it walks real slow through the kitchen, Your Honor. Announcer: She's the judge who gives rules on the law and life. She's intense with common sense. She's Judge Lynn Toler. OnDivorce Court, where real couples deal with real life. When Steve and Priscilla met in a local strip club in 2007, they found themselves in a no-strings-attached relationship But all that changed with the birth of their son. Now their ties are starting to unravel again. I love her, uh, but she's fat. And the reason why I'm bringing that up right now is because when I met her she was skinny. He's obsessively cheap. Like, beyond cheap. It's, like, lately we have not been intimate, we have not been, like, sleeping together in the same bed because of how his ment... like, his mentality is off to me. Can Priscilla and Steve revive the tight bond they once had, or will Judge Lynn advise against this relationship before they even walk down the aisle? Find out today on... Bailiff: All rise! Court is now in session. The Honorable Judge Lynn Toler presiding. You may be seated. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. I'm here today with Steve Turner and Priscilla Moorer. Uh, we are here to do one of my favorite things, which is a Before Your Vowssession. These two have come together today. They have been engaged for some time. They have a six-year-old together. You two are in love, engaged. You already call her your wife. And, uh... Mrs. Moorer, you're having reservations. Yes. So you decided to come to me. I've had you guys fill out my compatibility test. I have gotten some information about you, but I do want to talk to you individually now, 

[00:02:00]


and I'm gonna start with Mr. Turner. You love her, but there are issues. Why don't you tell me what those issues are. Well, like you said, Your Honor, I love her, uh, but she's fat. And the reason why I'm bringing that up right now is because when I met her she was skinny. And-and it may seem minor, Uh-huh. but... so as a relationship start, it should end. And it's, like, before and after. If I start off dating her and I'm buying her clothes every week, I should continue to buy her clothes every week, because that's how it started. Right. She started off skinny. Mm-hmm. Now it's come to this. (scoffs) Look. I don't think I'm fat. You look beautiful, you look beautiful. Thank you, thank you. But he likes to belittle me. Mm-hmm. Like, every single day that we're together. Does he belittle you in other ways, or is that... his sole complaint? Oh, no. No, no. It's, like, he doesn't like me to look pretty. He thinks that if I get attention then I'm cheating. Attention, like "hi," "bye," is cheating on him. So he wants you thin and homely. Yes. Secluded. Secluded. Mr. Turner, is she accurate in that, or has she misinterpreted your request? No. Ma'am, she is not accurate. Uh, I would love for her to get attention, but I want her to get the rightattention. They look at her like... If you seen a pink elephant walk through the street, you would look and stare at that elephant. That don't mean you're in love with the elephant. It means it's different. So I'm trying to get her to get the proper attention. Now, it's true that obesity runs through a lot of families in America, but in her case, it walks real slow through the kitchen, Your Honor. Um, the thing I'm saying is this. I want to... and I'm not belittling her, or be-bigging her-- whatever you want to say-- I'm trying to motivate her. GALLERY: Oh...! I'm motivating her... Now, now, now, (laughs): now... Now... you know what I'm gonna say, right? He's an ass. Yeah. To motivate, you have to move someone to change. Mm-hmm. Your actions have failed to do that. 

[00:04:01]


Why do you continue to do them if they are ineffective? I believe that a person does what a person wants to do. Right. So if you're gonna want to do something, I can make you... say, "Hey, don't do it, you sit in this corner," but you're gonna find a way to do that. I try to motivate her and tell her... let her know she's a little fat. I'm still skinny as when we met. We was like the number ten when we do our thing. But I let her know these things to see how we used to be. Because when we first met, Your Honor-- she can say what she want to say about how I talk about her and call her fat-- Mm-hmm. but she used to joke withme. We used to talk about fat people together. Mm-hmm. That's not true, Your Honor. Yes, it is. She would laugh. That's not true. Now she don't. Right. Okay, so as you get older, if you lose your hair do you think that-that she would have the right to, you know, "Go get some Minoxidil, get a wig on, get a toupee"? Do you believe that when she is 50 she should look like she looked when she was 20 or 30? Do you believe that's gonna happen? 'Cause I got news for you. It don't work out that way. Look, how technology is now, Yo Honor, just anything is possible. (chuckles) What does he do that causes you concern when you're considering whether or not he's the man to marry? (laughs) He's obsessively cheap. Like, beyond cheap. It's, like, lately, we have not been intimate, we have not been, like, sleeping together in the same bed because of how his ment... like, his mentality is off to me. How does that refer to cheating? Because, like, he tests me... I mean being cheap. I'm sorry. Recently, he tested me, and he says that he wants us to spend a long time together, right? Mm-hmm. So, I'm, like, "Okay, we could spend a long time together," and I told him, like, "Okay, before you come home, can you buy a bottle?" He was supposedly had the bottle already. He didn't get the bottle of Absolut that I wanted. So, the whole thing is that he lies and he's cheap. Mm-hmm. Are-are... are you tight with the penny, Mr. Turner? Very. Well... Judge, she knows that I was cheap when I met her. 

[00:06:02]


Yeah. So as it starts, it must end. I can't just change now. I've beencheap. This is not something she didn't know. So-so as it is now, it ends. So you mean there is no improvement to be had over the years, there's no wisdom to be gained, no knowledge to be acquired, that you should remain the same person at all times from the beginning, 'cause you started out li that? No, that's not what I'm saying. Well, then explain it to me. What I'm saying is that we can grow together. We can be cheap together,or-or maybe we can change together. (laughter) Announcer: WhenDivorce Court: Before Your Vows continues... can Judge Lynn save this relationship? I remember how we used to have a lot of fun together, we used to do a lot of things, and she's still that person somewhere deep inside, I know. Maybe you can help me to, uh, find that person. Do you wish you had listened to your mother? Are you ready to dump your mate? If you are, call toll-free at: Or visit our Web site at: And become a fan at: 

[00:09:40]


Announcer: Divorce Court: Before Your Vows isis back with the case of Priscilla Moorer, who is having second thoughts about marrying her son's father, because he calls her fat. But is this the ly problem in the couple's relationship? She goes through my things, and she knows I hate that. Are you going through the man's stuff? Yeah. Why are you going through his stuff? I see all that's wrong and I want to know why it is the two of you are still considering marrying despite the fact that all that's wrong, so, Mr. Turner, I'm going to start with you. I'm gonna give you 60 seconds to tell-- t-t-to, to bowl me over with the characteristics and the-- an-an-and, and the kindnesses, the love that you feel about that woman would make me say, "Yep, that's the girl." Go ahead, 60 seconds-- tell me how much you love her. I love her very much. Even though she goes through my desk and my phone looking for naked pictures and things like that, I still love her because that's the type of person she is. So we got-- we had, what, two seconds. Yeah, but, but... Two seconds in, you were complaining. No, no, no. Oh, n-n-n-no. I don't want a balanced picture. What I'm asking you is just for 60 seconds. He can't do it. 60 seconds. I want you to, to convince me that she is a woman that you would want to be with for the rest of your life. Give me that. Okay, because she's a very-- she's nice on the inside, she's beautiful on the inside, and, uh, I-I like her because I remember how we used to have a lot of fun together, we used to do a lot of things. Uh, you know, just-- I could-- I used to could talk to her about anything, and she's still that person somewhere deep inside, I know, and I just want to resurface that, and that's what I'm coming to you for. Maybe you can help me to find that person back again. She's a good person. Like I said, she's not a-- she never stole anything from me or anything like that, uh, so she-she's a good person. Mrs. Moorer, did you note that there was no kindness 

[00:11:42]


or compliment that was unqualified? Everything was a backhanded negative. Yeah. You're good on the inside. In other words, "You're too fat on the outside, but I like who you are." (gallery laughing) He says you used to have fun together, which is telling you, you're not any fun any more. Yeah. He says he wants to res-- get the "who you were" to resurface because he doesn't like who you are now. He wants to find the good woman that he thinks you can be 'cause you're not that person at this juncture. Right. Do you see what I'm saying? Insecure. I wrote all those words down. Yeah. All of those were backhanded. Th-They weren't compliments, they weren't expressions of love. they weren't what they liked about you. Yes. It's what, what he would like you to be and what he wants to fix you into. For him. I want... I wanted you to hear that. Yes. Now we're gonna let that go. (sighing): Yeah. We're gonna let that go. Mrs. Moorer, I'm gonna turn to you and I'm gonna ask you. Don't... 60 seconds. Why should I overlook the reservations I currently have about you marrying him and, and tell you that he's the guy for you? I'm starting to overthink that he's the one for me, really, because... You got to, 9ou got to give me something. I love him. Yeah, but why? What is it about him? What draws you to him? In the beginning it was that he, he wanted toeach me and show me things, and he made me laugh. Like, he's-- like, he's really funny now, but this is, like, a really serious matter. He really tries to talk about me and intentionally hurt my feelings, and I'm so fed up with him, but I love him despite of, like, his nasty ways. I want him to start... enjoying our company. Okay, now I want-- I'm gonna repeat back what you said to me. "In the beginning"-- therefore, it's another qualifier. There is no current state of "who he is that I love." In the beginning he was this. Then you said, "He wanted to teach me and show me things," so in the beginning he wanted to change you. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and, and you should note that. "He's funny," and he is. 

[00:13:43]


He has a dry sense of humor, but he is funny and he's got a good sense of humor, and I know that because I read your compatibility test. I know you didn't take it seriously. You were you, you were you, and I like a guy with a sense of humor. Nothing wrong with it, nothing wrong with it at all. That's the only good thing I heard, and the next word was "despite the fact." Yeah. "I love him despite the fact..." So, so far, you guys are batting zero on the "I love him" test. Okay? Zero. Announcer: WhenDivorce Court: Before Your Vows continues, has Steven been unfaithful? When I went through his phone, it's like he had this woman's private in his phone. Do you believe that Steve and Priscilla are in love with the memory of how their relationship used to be? Call: 
     ??????
I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! My bowl, my spoons! Mom, are those my jeans? [ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios has whole grain and 110 delicious calories. ...More grains. Less you! Multigrain Cheerios dreamy taste in multi-grain cheerios peanut butter. Get ready for a feeling of clean like nothing else. Extreme Clean from Aquafresh. It showers your whole mouth with rich Micro-Active foam. Thousands of germ-killing bubbles seek out hard to reach places and help kill the sources of bad breath then rinse clean away Leaving a cool tingling that just won't quit Extreme Clean from Aquafresh. Take the feeling of clean to the extreme. 

[00:18:23]


Announcer: If you would like your case heard onDivorce Coururt, call us toll-free at: Or log onto our Web site at: And follow us on: Divorce Court: Before your vows returns with the case of Steven Turner, who wants his fianc??e to change back into the woman he first fell in love with. But will Steven the jokester take this matter and Priscilla seriously? She goes through my things. Okay. And she knows I hate that. That's one thing-- I feel like I just got robbed when somebody touches my per... She goes through my... I-I was at my birthday last year, I was taking a shower. When I got out, she had my cell phone, she opened my desk, she had my different folders. I'm very particular about my things. Yeah, and you felt violated? I felt very vi-- and that-- she does it... Are you going through the man's stuff? Yeah. Why are you going through his stuff? (gallery laughs) Because I feel as though, with a man, he's not going to tell you when he's doing wrong. It's always that I have to catch him in the act or look for it myself. I heard that you cannot look for things unless you want to find it, but I feel like he's cheating, so I... Do you have any evidence whatsoever that that might, in fact, be the case, or is it just, it's just, it's just something you believe? No. It's... I don't have hard-core proof that he's cheating, but when I went through his phone, it's like, he had this woman's private in his phone. Like, I don't understand why he would... You had... He had what? A picture of a woman's private in his phone, like... Can I say something about that? You cannot download something like that into your phone. How did you get it? Cheating or no? Can I say something about that? That's a little off, but go ahead. I'll say this. When she first... we've been... five years... When she first started going through my phone, she found nothing. Years, years, she found nothing. Last year, I-I looked at it as if I was helping her because I'm a Muslim, Judge. 

[00:20:24]


If I'm very hungry, we're in the desert, and I say, "Judge, please, just give me a sandwich," and you give me a pork chop, even though I'm a Muslim, I have no choice. I wanted some food. I can't be mad because you gave me pork. She wanted to find something. For five years, she'd been trying to find something. So I gave her what she wanted to find. I helped her. Whatever. If you look... I still can't get through the Muslim and the pork thing. I'm not sure kind of how that-that... So you're just saying, you know, "Well, she was looking for something. I gave her something to find." Yeah, it's in the Bible. "Seek and ye shall find." She found. I found 'cause you was cheating. No, you found because you went through my phone. I lock the phone; I didn't lock it that day. I gave you guys a compatibility test. Steve, you were... You weren't, uh... You didn't take it seriously. You-you put, the wife should do 90% of everything, cooking, bill-paying, cleaning, child care, laundry, ly 50-50 on the... We know you know that you don't think that. You don't think that. No, but I'll tell you why I put that, though. I put that because I'm a landscaper. In Cleveland, there's snow from October to May. So there's really not much I can do until it picks up again in the summertime. Well, if you don't have anything to do, why is she doing 90% of the cooking, bill-paying, cleaning, childcare, and undry? Because I should do something. And I work. And the five things, uh, he listed about what you didn't like. You want to know what he said? Yeah. Well, you know the first one. Right, I'm fat. He said you're... There you go. Yeah. You got cats. u don't trust, you're noisy, and a nagger. He says about himself... "List five things that are wrong with you." He says, "Hmm." He said that? "Too understanding. "Too nice. Big talker. Too friendly." Right. You know, I get it. You're funny. Announcer: WhenDivorce Court: Before Your Vows continues, what will Judge Lynn's opinion be regarding Steven and Priscilla's vows? I'm gonna say something that people are g find bizarre. Do you believe that Steve and Priscilla are in love with the memory of how their relationship used to be? 

[00:22:28]


Call: know Cheerios has oats that can help lower cholesterol? And it tastes good? Sure does! Wow. It's the honey, it makes it taste so... Well, would you look at the time... What's the rush? Be happy. Be healthy. 
     ??????
okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'd stay clear of that cleaner, too, if I were made of wood and granite. WHY DON'T YOU TRY Pledge? 
??????   ??????
Pledge Multi-Surface. [ Man ] ITS FORMULA'S SAFE ON ALL KINDS OF Stuff, like this... And this... And this. So furnitu has nothing to fear. Good boy. Pledge Multi-Surface. No worries. Just clean. [ Female Announcer ] S.C. Johnson, A FAMILY Company. smooth, delicious hershey's chocolate with 30% less fat? New hershey's simple pleasures chocolate. 30% less fat, 100% delicious. call disappoint. So I mix together a packet of hidden valley ranch, 1 box of spinach, and 16 ounces of sour cream, and tonight everyone gets a taste of something special... Ranch spinach dip. [ Male Announcer ] HIDDEN VALLEY RANCH. MIX It up. ] Biscuits. delicious. But say I press a few out flat... add some beef Sloppy Joe sauce... and cheese fold it all up and Boom! I just made an unbeatable Unsloppy Joe Pillsbury Grands Biscuits. Let the making begin. Announcer: Divorce Court: Before Your Vows returns with the case of Steven Turner and Priscilla Moorer, who have come before Jge Lynn to get her advice on whether or not they should get married. Judge, let me tell you something. I love her, like I said. I told you that. I told you that 

[00:24:28]


more than one time. I do love her. We have a son. And, um, I think that we should be together to raise our son. I don't want to, um... Is that... If you didn't have a son, would you still be considering marrying her? That's my question. She's, like, this size, right? I'm just... for example... She is who she is no matter what size. She is who she is. I love her. Yes or no? That's not the question I asked you. What did I ask you? "Would you still marry her?" That's why I said I love her. I mean, yeah. Yes, I would. She's a... This size? She never loses an ounce? She never lose ance... Never loses an ounce. I mean, even if she never loses an ounce, she's a good person. It's not gonna be up to him in a minute because if he keeps up this, then I'm good. Okay, here we go. She's a good person. Here we go. I'm gonna say something that people are gonna find bizarre. I think you guys can make it. What? And I'm gonna tell you why. And I'm gonna tell you why. I don't think he's as big a jerk as he's pretending to be. I think he's got minor jerk tendencies, but he's really not a full-on jerk. He's kind of like, he's a little humorous. He's a little caustic, but I think he's got a good sense of humor. I don't think he half believes half of the stuff he tells you. Oh, I think he's an irritant, no doubt, but I don't think that he's really a bad guy. I think he needs to grow up a little bit. I think he needs to respect you as theher of his baby. I think he has work to do. think you both have work to do. Yes. You have at least a year's worth of work to do before anybody talks about walking down anybody's aisle. I wrote a book called Making Marriage Work. There's a whole chapter in here, it should have your name on it. (laughter) And it's about the things you talk about. You have to talk about religion, you have to talk about money, you have to talk about expectations, how you want to live, where you want to live. His job as your husband is not to raise you. It is not to... Now, if you want to... If your religion says he should lead you, that's fine, but he's not to raise you; there is a difference. You have to be your own woman, solid and confident in who you are and what you do. 

[00:26:30]


And until you're confident in that, until you know you can do well without him, you don't need to be with him, okay? So I want you to feel that and understand that. I'm gonna give you... okay. There's rules. Right now, the only motivation I have for your marriage license is to tear it up. I'm not gonna give you this ck. I will give you an opportunity, and I will give you time, but don't do it until you're really ready, and you're not really ready until you're comfortable with who you are and-and he treats you exactly the way you want to be treated. 'Cause it doesn't get any better than this, and if you go in and it's yucky, it only gets worse. You know what I mean? Okay. Yes. This matter is adjourned. (gavel bangs) Bailiff: All rise! Parties may leave the courtroom. ANNOUNCER: Steve says that since leavingDivorce Court, he and Priscilla are taking things a day at a time as they work hard to improve their relationship. The couple feels that Judge Lynn's advice was very helpful, but Steve reports that Priscilla's eating bits haven't changed. Captioning sponsored by 20th television 
  ??????
I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! My bowl, my spoons! Mom, are those my jeans? [ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios has whole grain and 110 delicious calories. ...More grains. Less you! Multigrain Cheerios ] dreamy taste in multi-grain cheerios peanut butter. 

[00:29:54]


>> Judge Brown: You can't raise 

﻿Title: Does Your Bra Fit?
Description: No more wires, hooks and adjusting straps. Discover comfort, discover great looks.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:30:00 AM
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

[Laughr] 
>> is that the problem? 
>> It is the problem. I have, this is the one button-down irt that I have and it still, I mean, at how the button won't be doing the big, giant stretch. >> Good. 
>> O.K.? >> I love it. 
>> All right, we're going to flatter your figure. Go try on a milana bra. 
[Applause] 
>> o.K.... Bra ambush reveal. 
>> Announcer: Remember nubia? Her old bra gave her too much cleavage and too little support. 
>> Terri: Oh, my gosh! 
>> Stella: Whoo! 
>> Announcer: With the milana bra, nubia's cleavage is covered. She's lifted, supported and comfortable. 
>> I was really surprised. I was like, there's no way that this bra's going to give me support without underwire or anything, but then I put it on and I was like, "oh." It feels like you're not wearing a bra, like it's... It's really, really comfortable, like, I was really surprised. 
>> So, I just noticed you walked out with a bit of air of confidence as well. 
>> Yeah, because you can walk and you don't have to worry about your boobs bouncing... 
[Laughter] not that they bounce in my face, but... 
>> Stella: Yes, they were! 
>> Terri: You look fantastic, thank you so much. 
>> Announcer: And so does andrea. Remember those gaps in her button-down shirt? Not with the milana bra. 
>> Tell me about the support, because you are gifted. 
>> It's a lot to carry around and I didn't think it was gonna support, but it does. I feel lifted, I don't feel like I'm wearing a bra. There's no digging. 
>> It used to hurt your shoulders, didn't it? 
>> Yeah, yeah. >> Right? How's that feel for you now? 
>> This is great, I have no battle scars from the underwire, 'cause when it pokes out after you wash it too many times... 
>> We're going to turn you around, we're going to turn you around and I want everybody to see this. You see this? 
>> Announcer: Before the milana bra, andrea had bulges and back fat. Then she put on the milana bra and look-- no more. 
>> She's smooth, there's not any kind of lumps going on here. And in a bra with any kind of hooks would definitely have created all those lumps. 

[00:02:04]


>> Terri: Especially when you're gifted. 
>> Yeah, when you're gifted. 
[Laughter] 
>> I like this term. I'm using it from now on. 
[Laughter] 
>> you look fabulous. 
>> Thank you. 
>> No more bad bra days for you. 
>> No more. 
>> No more bad bra days. 
>> Terri: Dusting her hands off. 
>> Announcer: Are you having another bad bra day? Shoulder straps and underwire digging in? Hooks poking youn the back and bras that just don't fit and just don't last? 
>> Really? You're kidding. 
>> Announcer: Introducing the milana bray genie. Designed by a woman for women. This amazing bra gives you super support, amazing lift and incredible comfort, all in a beautifully sewn lace cami style. Say good-bye to painful straps that are digging into your shoulders. Say no more to showing more than you really want to. And say never again to adding bulky layers to cover up. The milana bra gives you comfort, classy coverage in a slim, sleek look every time. Now you can get rid of unsightly back fat because the milana bra gives you an instantly smooth look every time. Uncomfortable underarm bulge disappears into a smooth, seamless fit. And the milana bra transforms embarrassing cleavage into sexy, classy coverage. 
>> I've spent my whole life checking out for back fat before I head out the door and it's always there. This is very, very smooth, so I'm happy about that. 
>> It's the one bra that I can wear for everything, any type of clothing for any occasion and feel comfortable. 
>> Announcer: The milana bra gives you perfect lift and comfort in a comfortable, seamless design. The secret is sempre forma stretch, an exquisite silky-smooth knit that molds to your body and never stretches out of shape. Created on italy's high-tech santoni machine, which knits 360 degrees, eliminating the need for seams, creating perfect fit and maximum comfort. Unlike most bras, the milana bra is different. The support you need comes from below, here, at the extra-wide support band; no uncomfortable wires needed. And the custom conform shaper helps to lift, giving you the perfect cup size and a comfortable fit. Whether you're petite or plus size, you'll look lifted and younger instantly with the milana bra. 

[00:04:21]


>> I feel thinner. I feel like I can dance and jiggle and things are not popping out of everywhere. It's wonderful. 
>> I don't even feel like i have a bra on, it's that good. 
>> Yeah, I love it. I think my husband's gonna like it too. 
>> Announcer: Beautiful and easy to clean; just toss it into the washer and dryer and the milana bra always bounces back to its original shape. No specialare required. And e milana bra even comes with removable modes how much money have you spent on painful bras that just don't fit and just don't cover? No more. The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape and gives you that gorgeous lace comfort you want. The milana bra gets a five-star rating for its perfect fit, comfort, support, lift and value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 
>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> [Laughs] how about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> We could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- one nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call right now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. I'm so confident that you're going to love my milana bra that if you don't agree that it's the most comfortable bra you have ever worn, I'm offering you a 100% money-back guarantee, no questions asked. 
>> Announcer: That's three milana bras for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And remember, if you call right now we'll also include free shipping. That's three milana bras, an incredible $180 value, yours for just three easy payments of only $19.99. So call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 

[00:06:34]


[??????...] 
[applause] 
>> all right, well, this is certainly no surprise to these ladies, because nearly every woman in this room right now is wearing the wrong bra. How many of you are uncomfortable in your bra right now? O.K., That's what I'm talking about. 
>> How many of you have tried to get underwire support, because support's important, right? 
>> Oh, my gosh... Yes. 
>> And then how many of you have been like, almost stabbed to death? 
>> Terri: Yeah, everybody. 
>> O.K.? 
>> Show of hands, show of hands. 
>> It's ridiculous, isn't it? I mean, that's torture! 
>> Yes! Why do we do that? 
>> You know this thing was invented by a man, don't you? 
[Laughter and applause] so here's what I think of this thing, o.K.? No wires, that's the beauty of the milana bra. No wires, no hooks. It gives you the lift, the even band here. There's no back fat happening. The straps aren't slipping. There's no metal on the straps either. So you have not only the best fit, you have comfort, there's no stabbing and the whole time you know that you're lifted and supported and you look great. 
>> What did you say? 
>> I said it blows my mind. 
[Laughter] I can't imagn'e. I wear a double d, 42 dd, and i just... I can't imagine how it's really gonna support my breasts without underwire, with just some kind of elastic. It just... Doesn't compute. 
>> It really is all about the construction. When you said-- you're what size? 42 dd. 
>> O.K., Well, you know what? What is your name? 
>> Shelli. >> Shelli. Can we send shelli back? She's a non-believer. Let's send shelli back too. 
>> Go shelli, go shelli! 
>> Go shelli, go shelli! 
>> Announcer: While our skeptic shelli goes back to try on the milana bra to see if it really does give her the support she needs, we asked volunteers to take a double d lift and support challenge. 

[00:08:42]


>> Hi, t.C. 
[Applause] 
>> hi, t.C. All right,st of all, tell us what size you are. 
>> I'm a 32 dd. 
>> You're wearing your own bra right now. >> I am. >> O.K. 
>> When you are gifted, when you're blessed and you have a lot, larger bustline, what happens is in some bras, it kind of makes it look like it's down here. >> Right. 
>> All right. Watch this. I'm going to put this-- with your approval, is that o.K.?-- At the apex of her bustline. You ready? And we're just going to prove how the milana bra will give you some support. 
>> O.K. >> O.K.? So what's going to happen is-- and you'll see when you wear the milana bra-- you're going to see support like you've never seen before. >> Thank you. 
>> All right, you go back and... You get fitted. Hi, carmen. 
>> Hi, how are you? 
>> And what size are you? 36 dd. 
>> O.K., Tell us your problems before I go with the tape. 
>> My problems... Uh, the bra digs in at the end of the day. They tend to-- because I have so much-- pop out over the bra and everybody can tell. 
>> Yeah, yeah, we can see. We can see. The milana bra is going to give you not only beauty, it's going to give you comfort and support, o.K.? So you do know the drill with the tape, right? >> I do. 
>> O.K., I'm going to put the tape at the apex of your bustline area. We'll go right here, how's that? O.K. 
>> Can you even wear a bra without underwires? 
>> I try not to. That's a tough thing, yeah. 
>> Well, underwires, especially when you're talking about someone who's really endowed and I'm just going to show you here, underwires, what happens is eventually, it has to cave under the weight. And it's going come poke and how many of you guys have been poked in the armpit like it's an old friend going, "hey, ladyey right? You don't want that. 
>> I have. >> Well, we're goin that never happens to you again. 
>> Well, good, I'm looking forward to it. >> O.K. 
>> All right, thank you, carmen. 
[Applause] 
>> Stella: Now remember, we used tape on each of these size double d ladies to show where the apex of their bustline hits in their old bras. But watch what happens when we measure again, this time with the lift and support of the milana bra. 

[00:10:53]


>> Now, do you think that's a measurable difference? Remember, this is where the apex of t.C.'S bustline was in her old bra and here it is in a milana bra. That looks like a full two inches of lift, support and beautiful lace cami coverage. Can you believe that? Now take a look at carmen. Wow! Again, this is where the apex hit in her old bra and look at the lift she gets in the milana bra. 
>> Can you see that? 
>> That's a measurable-- 
>> she can't see over the gis. 
>> But look at that. That is a measurable difference. 
>> It is. 
>> Do you feel supported? 
>> Yeah, absolutely. I absolutely feel supported. It feels so comfortable and for someone who's, you know, well-endowed, it's tough to find a good bra. 
>> So are you a believer now in the milana bra? 
>> Absolutely. Definitely am. 
>> O.K., And so she's not going to have what? No more... 
>> All: Bad bra days! 
[Cheering and applause] 
>> Stella: Thank you so much. 
>> Terri: Thank you, carmen. 
>> Announcer: Comfort, lift, support and beautifully sewn lace-- the milana bra has it all. 
>> I don't have to check to see if the twins are in place because I know they are. And I feel sexy, I feel wonderful, I love it. Absolutely love it. 
>> I love the fact that it smoothed me out in the back and alongside here. I also don't feel like there's a bulge on the side as well. 
>> I can't even really describe it, but it's perfect. It just fits like a glove. 
>> Boy, are you in the right place at the right time. Right here is the only place you can get the milana bra. 
>> Announcer: How much money have you spent on painful bras that just don't fit and just don't cover? No more. The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape. The lift, support and comfort you want at an incredible value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 

[00:12:53]


>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> How about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> I could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- one nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call or click now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. 
>> Announcer: This is an exclusive, direct-from-the-manucturer television offer, so call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 
[??????...] when we introduced the comfort, lift and support of the milana bra to this ladies-only studio audience, shelli had her doubts. 
>> I can't imagine how it's really going to support my breasts. 
>> Announcer: Now she's wearing the milana bra. 
>> How did it work for you? 
>> Actually, I'm amazed at how I feel supported. It's actually very comfortable and it's not rolling up, which i expected that it was going to do, so it feels really good. 
[Applause] 
>> Announcer: Shelli wasn't the only audience member who was anxious to put the milana bra to t test. 
>> All right, you in the purple, o.K., Come here, come here. 
[Applause] 
[laughs] hi. All right, so what's your name? 
>> Sharon. 
>> All right, sharon, tell me all your problems. 
>> Well, I got the back fat going on. I got the bulging up here. 
>> O.K. 
>> And totally uncomfortable every single day. 
>> I think you're brave for doing this and I think you represent really a lot-- real brave? 
>> Yes. 
[Terri and stella cheer] 
>> Announcer: Still brave and now sharon's comfortable because she's wearing the milana bra. 

[00:14:58]


>> This is so comfortable. I swear, you really don't know you're wearing it. I am smooth, the girls are standing tall. 
>> Announcer: And sue is unsupported and uncomfortable in her own bra. 
>> Can you see this right here? Well, not, no, what it's doing here, hon, look at this, sue, it's trenching you. 
>> Terrible. 
>> This is ridiculous. Is why the milana bra was born. This is part of it because i know if you want support, you're hiking up these kind of straps and these are not your friends. Oh, sue. >> It's terrible. 
>> Oh, my gosh. >> I know. 
>> Oh, my gosh! 
>> Announcer: But sue's terrible bra days are over now that she's wearing the milana bra. 
>> I love it. 
>> Isn't it the best? 
>> I'm not adjusting, pushing them in and out and fixing the things... Oh, my god, I love it. 
>> You know what, your smile says it all, sweetie, look at that. I'm so glad you love the milana bra. 
>> My girls are happy. 
>> Yeah, we're all happy! 
[Laughs] 
>> Announcer: And every woman can relate to jill's issues. 
>> So me bra problems, let's talk problems. 
>> I have a problem with the underwire where it sticks in at you when they get old. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> I'm just very uncomfortable in it now. 
>> All right, I'm doing-- what is that? I mean, look how it, look at how bunched up this thing is. 
>> Terri: Oh, honey. 
>> You see this, it's a war. Look at this. 
OH, MY GOSH! >> Terri: Oh! Oh! 
>> There is a war going on right here. 
>> Announcer: The war is over now that jill is in her milana bra. 
>> It's not digging into me like it used to between right in here and then my shoulders. 
>> No more fidgeting. 
>> No. First thing I usually want to do when I get home is get changed, get my bra off. O this one I can wear. 
>> Announcer: Whether your issue is comfort, lift or support, the milana bra will work for you. 
>> Terri: Well, we've seen big girls and we've seen little girls, we've seen lots of girls today and it's because of you, stella riches, you've made all the girls comfortable. 
>> [Laughs] well, thank you for that, but you know why? It's because there's no man involved, there's no middle man involved. It's me, a woman, designing a beautiful bra for you beautiful women. So enjoy the milana bra, I know you will. 

[00:17:00]


>> And everybody gets to take a milana bra home today. 
[Cheering and applause] here's how you can get your milana bra too. 
>> A.nouncer: Are you having another bad bra day? Shoulder straps and underwire digging in? Hooks poking you in the back and bras that just don't fit and just don't last? 
>> Really? You're kidding. 
>> Announcer: Introducing the milana bra by genie. Designed by a woman for women. This amazing bra gives you super sumazing lift and incredible comfort, all in a beautifully sewn lace cami style. Say good-bye to painful straps that are digging into your shoulders. Say no more to showing more than you really want to. And say never again to adding bulky layers to cover up. The milana bra gives you comfort, classy coverage in a slim, sleek look every time. Now you can get rid of unsightly back fat because the milana bra gives you an instantly smooth look every time. Uncomfortable underarm bulge disappears into a smooth, seamless fit. And the milana bra transforms embarrassing cleavage into sexy, classy coverage. 
>> I don't feel the spillage on the sides at all and it gives me the support up above, yet the milana bra shows the feminine lace. 
>> I'm sold. I love the milana bra. I love it. 
>> Announcer: The milana bra gives you perfect lift and comfort in a comfortable, seamless design. The secret is sempre forma stretch, an exquisite silky-smooth knit that molds to your body and never stretches out of shape. Created on italy's high-tech santoni machine, which knits 360 degrees, eliminating the need for seams, creating perfect fit and maximum comfort. Unlike most bras, the milana bra is different. The support you need comes from below, here, at the extra-wide support band; no uncomfortable wires needed. And the custom conform shaper helps to lift, giving you the perfect cup size and a comfortable fit. Whether you're petite or plus size, you'll look lifted and younger instantly with the milana bra. 

[00:19:10]


>> I feel 20 years younger. I FEEL LIKE I'M IN MY 20s. I can walk around confident because the babies are lifted up now. 
>> I'm not popping out on the sides. The back is-- I always look in the mirror in the morning to see what's popping out back there and this is kind of nice for a change. 
>> Announcer: Beautiful and easy to clean; just toss it into the washer and dryer and the milana bra always bounces back to its original shape. No special care required. And the milana bra even comes with removable modesty pads. How much money have you spent on painful bras that just don't fit and just don't cover? No more. The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape and gives you the hand-sewn lace comfort you want. The milana bra gets a five-star rating for its perfect fit, comfort, support, lift and value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 
>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> [Laughs] how about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> We could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- e nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call right now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. I'm so confident that you're going to love my milana bra that if you don't agree that it's the most comfortable bra you have ever worn, I'm offering you a 100% money-back guarantee, no questions asked. 
>> Announcer: That's three milana bras for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And remember, if you calright now, we'll also include free shipping. That's three milana bras, an incredible $180 value, yours for just tee easy payments of only $19.99. So call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 

[00:21:27]


[??????...] are you having another bad bra day? Shoulder straps and underwire digging in? Hooks poking you in the back? Are the girls... Well, out there? 
>> Really? You're kidding. 
>> Announcer: No more. Introducing the milana bra by genie. It gives you the support, lift, fit and comfort you already love from the original genie bra, plus the coverage of a beautifully sewn lace cami. So you can wear the clothes you love and get the comfort and beautiful coverage you want. No more embarrassing extra exposure in your v-necks. With the milana bra's gorgeous lace cami, your look is sexy, classy and covered. Why add bulky, frumpy layers when the milana bra can give you a beautiful, slimmer look like this instantly? No more back fat, no more top bulging, no more extra cleavage, no more underwire; just perfect lift and support that custom molds to your body. You'll look younger, lifted and instantly slimmer. You'll never have another bad bra day again with the milana bra. 
>> This bra is awesome. I love the lift that it's giving me right now and I feel sexy and confident in it. 
>> Even with underwire bras, you don't get that kind of lift and I still can't believe that it's just a matter of this special knitting that's done on the milana bra that's actually holding these up. 
>> No more unsupported, no more sagging... The milana bra is amazing. 
>> Announcer: The milana bra gives you perfect lift and support in a comfortable, seamless design. The secret is sempre forma stretch, an exquisite silky-smooth knit that molds to your body and never stretches out of shape. Created on italy's high-tech santoni machine, which knits 360 degrees, eliminating the need for seams, creating perfect fit and maximum comfort. Unlike most bras, the milana bra is different. The support you need comes from below, here, at the extra-wide support band. No uncomfortable wires needed. And the custom conform shaper helps to lift, giving you the perfect cup size and a comfortable fit. Whether you're petite or plus size, you'll look lifted and younger instantly with the milana bra. Coming up, we introduce the milana bra to this ladies-only live studio audience... What real women just like you said when they tried the milana bra for the very first time. 

[00:23:56]


>> Amazing. >> Wow. 
>> You gonna go spread the word? 
>> Hell, yeah. [Laughter] 
>> Announcer: And a little later on, a secret sale for insiders only. Details ahead. 
[Cheering and applause] 
>> Woman: Hi, everyone. Welcome. Hi, I'm terri oulette and you're having another bad bra day, aren't you? Well, guess what, you've got company. 85% of all women-- that's nearly every single woman you know and just about every woman in this audience-- is wearing the wrong bra. I'll bet that just every single one of those uncomfortable bras was designed by a man. 
[Cheering and applause] I'm right. I'm right. Well, no more, ladies. Now I want you to meet the woman behind an incredible, new, comfortable and beautiful bra, stella riches. Come on out, stella! 
[Cheering and applause] 
>> hi, terri! 
>> Welcome. 
>> Well, you know it took a woman to get this right, right? 
[Laughter] you're wearing my bra! 
>> Stella, I love the milana bra. I love it, it's a cami and a bra all in one and it's so comfortable. All right, well, you can see it in a little bit, but would you like to see the whole thing? 
[Applause] all right, let's bring out our model, boiana. 
>> Stella: Ooh! 
[Cheering and applause] 
>> Terri: Oh, my gosh. 
>> The first thing that you're going to notice here is there's no hooks, right? Nobody wants the wires, nobody wants the hooks, nobody wants to be fussing with straps that are coming down or digging deep inside your shoulders. 
>> Yes, absolutely. 
>> So look at the stretch that you're getting right here, o.K.? Then, what's really nice about it, obviously, is that you're getting this band right here. This comfort band is not only comfortable, but it's going to give you the lift without the underwire. 
>> No more underwire! 
>> No more underwires! 
[Laughter and applause] that's worth celebrating right there! You know, a lot of ladies here get spillage. That also gives you support here too. You know, that way, you're not kind of spilling out to the side, but you're actually being lifted and it's flattering your bustline, right? You don't want to be aware that you're wearing a bra. You want to feel like you're wearing nothing, but you just wao feel supported and that's what's great about the bra, o.K.? >> Right. 

[00:26:13]


>> So what you're seeing here now is it's totally smooth. So no matter what she's wearing, she is completely smooth and it looks absolutely beautiful and it's comfortable, because look right here, on her, look at the stretch. >> Wow. 
>> So that's what makes it so completely different from any other bra. 
>> But look how beautiful it is. I love the addition of this lace cami. 
>> Well, see, I know, it looks-- 
>> yes. 
[Audience applauds] 
>> we're showing it off. 
>> Announcer: The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape and gives you that gorgeous lace comfort you want. The milana bra gets a five-star rating for its perfect fit, comfort, support, lift and value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 
>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> [Laughs] how about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> We could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- one nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call right now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. I'm so confident that you're going to love my milana bra that if you don't agree that it's the most comfortable bra you have ever worn, I'm offering you a 100% money-back guarantee, no questions asked. 
>> Announcer: That's three milana bras for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And remember, if you call right now we'll also include free shipping. That's three milana bras, an incredible $180 value, yours for just three easy payments of only $19.99. So call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 

[00:28:19]


[??????...] 
>> it's just perfectly discreet and subtle. It's not, it doesn't look like underwear, it just looks like you have on another layer, but you don't. 
>> I'm 49, I'm not dead yet and I like to show some cleavage sometimes, but this adds some modesty to that. 
>> Typically I shy away from camisoles because of the bulk. This is nice and smooth and i like that it's just a little touch and not too mu 
[cheering and applause] 
>> we are going to do a bad bra intervention here. If you see your face up on the monitor, we want you to come on up and we're going to fix the issues so... Ah, there she-- o.K., Come on up, come on up. 
[Applause] welcome, thank you so much. What is your name? 
>> It's nubia. 
>> Nubia, meet stella. 
>> I gotta tell you, you could never go to work like this. Because there is not a man alive who'd be able to concentrate. 
[Laughter] you know this at home, you know, you've seen this. You sit here and you're battling with this. So you hoist them up and then it unnaturally looks like this, 
RIGHT? >> Terri: Right. 
>> And then worse, sometimes it can kinda even lift up? 
>> Then you have the boob-- 
>> then you have four of 'em, right? [Laughter] so we're gonna make you look absolutely phenomenal. 
>> Absolutely. >> O.K., Cool. 
>> All right, you go get fitted, o.K.? All right. One more unsuspecting audience member. ! [Laughter] come on down! 
[Applause] this is not easy, you guys. This is not easy. Come on up, hello, hello. What is your name? 
>> Andrea. 
>> Andrea, nice to meet you. Meet stella. 
>> Does everyone see the "o"? 
[Laughter] 
>> is that the problem? 
>> It is the problem. I have, this is the one button-down shirt that I have and it still, I mean, as you can see. 
>> The milana bra's going to give you that beautiful lace support and you're going to be lifted, but you'll be surprised at how the button won't be doing the big, giant stretch. >> Good. 
>> O.K.? >> I love it. 
>> All right, we're going to flatter your figure. Go try on a milana bra. 

[00:30:21]


[Applause] 
>> o.K.. Bra ambush reveal. 
>> Announcer: Remember nubia? Her old bra gave her too much cleavage and too little support. 
>> Terri: Oh, my gosh! 
>> Stella: Whoo! 
>> Announcer: With the milana br nubia's cleavage is covered. She's lifted, supported and comfortable. 
>> I was really surprised. I s like, there's no way that this bra's going to give me support without underwire or anything, but then I put it on and I was like, "oh." It feels like you're not wearing a bra, like it's... It's really, really comfortable, like, I was really surprised. 
>> So, I just noticed you walked out with a bit of air of confidence as well. 
>> Yeah, because you can walk and you don't have to worry about your boobs bouncing... 
[Laughter] not that they bounce in my face, but... 
>> Stella: Yes, they were! 
>> Terri: You look fantastic, thank you so much. 
>> Announcer: And so does andrea. Remember those gaps in her button-down shirt? Not with the milana bra. >>Ell me about the support, because you are gifted. 
>> It's a lot to carry around and I didn't think it was gonna support, but it does. I feel lifted, I don't feel like I'm wearing a bra. There's no digging. 
>> It used to hurt your shoulders, didn't it? 
>> Yeah, yeah. >> Right? How's that feel for you now? 
>> This is great, I have no battle scars from the underwire, 'cause when it pokes out after you wash it too many times... 
>> We're going to turn you around, we're gointo turn you around and I want everybody to see this. You see this? 
>> Announcer: Before the milana bra, andrea had bulges and back fat. Then she put on the milana bra and look-- no more. 
>> She's smooth, there's not any kind of lumps going on here. And in a bra with any kind of hooks would definitely have created all those lumps. 
>> Terri: Especially when you're gifted. 
>> Yeah, when you're gifted. 
[Laughter] 
>> I like this term. I'm using it from now on. 
[Laughter] 
>> you look fabulous. 
>> Thank you. 
>> No more bad bra days for you. 
>> No more. 
>> No more bad bra days. 
>> Terri: Dusting her hands off. 
>> Announcer: Are you having another bad bra day? Shoulder straps and underwire diggg in? Hooks poking you in the back and bras that just don't fit and just don't last? 

[00:32:29]


>> Really? You're kidding. 
>> Announcer: Introducing the milana bra by genie. Designed by a woman for women. This amazing bra gives you super support, amazing lift and incredible crtall in a beautifully sewn lace cami style. Say good-bye to painful straps that are digging into your shoulders. Say no more to showing more than you really want to. And say never again to adding bulky layers to cover up. The milana bra gives you comfort, classy coverage in a slim, sleek look every time. Now you can get rid of unsightly back fat because the milana bra gives you an instantly smooth look every time. Uncomfortable underarm bulge disappears into a smooth, seamless fit. And the milana bra transforms embarrassing cleavage into sexy, classy coverage. 
>> I've spent my whole life checking out for back fat before I head out the door and it's always there. This is very, very smooth, so I'm happy about that. 
>> It's the one bra that I can wear for everything, any type of othing for any occasion and feel comfortable. 
>> Announcer: The milana bra gives you perfect lift and comfort in a comfortable, seamless design. The secret is sempre forma stretch, an exquisite silky-smooth knit that molds to your body and never stretches out of shape. Created on italy's high-tech santoni machine, which knits 360 degrees, eliminating the need for seams, creating perfect fit and maximum comfort. Unlike most bras, the milana bra is different. The support you need comes from below, here, at the extra-wide support band; no uncomfortable wires needed. And the custom conform shaper helps to lift, giving you the perfect cup size and a comfortable fit. Whether you're petite or plus size, you'll look lifted and younger instantly with the milana bra. 
>> I feel thinner. I feel like I can dance and jiggle and things are no pog out of everywhere. It's wonderful. 
>> I don't even feel like i have a bra on, it's that good. 

[00:34:31]


>> Yeah, I love it. I think my husband's gonna like it too. 
>> Announcer: Beautiful and easy to clean; just toss into the washer and dryer and the milana bra always bounces back to its original shape. No special care required. And the milana bra even comes with removable modesty pads. How much money have you spent on painful bras that just don't fit and just don't cover? No more. The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape and gives you that gorgeous lace comfort you want. The milana bra gets a five-star rating for its perfect fit, comfort, support, lift and value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 
>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> [Laughs] how about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> We could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- one nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call right now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. I'm so confident that you're going to love my milana bra that if you don't agree that it's the most comfortable bra you have ever worn, I'm offering you a 100% money-back guarantee, no questions asked. 
>> Announcer: That's three milana bras for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And remember, if you call right now we'll also include free shipping. That's three milana bras, an incredible $180 value, yours for just three easy payments of only $19.99. So call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 

[00:36:33]


[??????...] 
[applause] 
>> all right, well, this is certainly no surprise to these ladies, because nearly every woman in this room right now is wearing the wrong bra. How many of you are uncomfortable in your bra right now? O.K., That's what I'm talking about. 
>> How many of you have tried to get underwire support, because support's important, right? 
>> Oh, my gosh... Yes. 
>> And then how many of you have been like, almost stabbed to death? 
>> Terri: Yeah, everybody. 
>> O.K.? 
>> Show of hands, show of hands. 
>> It's ridiculous, isn't it? I mean, that's torture! 
>> Yes! Why do we do that? 
>> You know this thing was invented by a man, don't you? 
[Laughter and applause] so here's what I think of this thing, o.K.? No wires, that's the beauty of the milana bra. No wires, no hooks. It gives you the lift, the even band here. There's no back fat happening. The straps aren't slipping. There's no metal on the straps either. So you have not only the best fit, you have comfort, there's no stabbing and the whole time you know that you're lifted and supported and you look great. 
>> What did you say? 
>> I said it blows my mind. 
[Laughter] I can't imagine. I wear a double d, 42 dd, and i just... I can't imagine how it's really gonna support my breasts without underwire, with just some kind of elastic. It just... Doesn't compute. 
>> It really is all about the construction. When you said-- you're what size? 42 dd. 
>> O.K., Well, you know what? What is your name? 
>> Shelli. >> Shelli. Can we send shelli back? She's a non-believer. Let's send shelli back too. 
>> Go shelli, go shelli! 
>> Go shelli, go shelli! 
>> Announcer: While our skeptic shelli goes back to try on the milana bra to see if it really does give her the support she needs, we asked volunteers to take a double d lift and support challenge. 

[00:38:41]


>> Hi, t.C. 
[Applause] 
>> hi, t.C. All right, first of all, tell us what size you are. 
>> I'm a 32 dd. 
>> You're wearing your own bra right now. >> I am. >> O.K. 
>> When you are gifted, when you're blessed and you have a lot, larger bustline, what happens is in some bras, it kind of makes it look like it's down here. >> Right. 
>> All right. Watch this. I'm going to put this-- with your approval, is that o.K.?-- At the apex of her bustline. You ready? And we're just going to prove how the milana bra will give you some support. 
>> O.K. >> O.K.? So what's going to happen is-- and you'll see when you wear the milana bra-- you're going to see support like you've never seen before. >> Thank you. 
>> All right, you go back and... You get fitted. Hi, carmen. 
>> Hi, how are you? 
>> And what size are you? 36 dd. 
>> O.K., Tell us your problems before I go with the tape. 
>> My problems... Uh, the bra digs in at the end of the day. They tend to-- because I have so much-- pop out over the bra and everybody can tell. 
>> Yeah, yeah, we can see. We can see. The milana bra is going to give you not only beauty, it's going to give you comfort and support, o.K.? So you do know the drill with the tape, right? >> I do. 
>> O.K., I'm going to put the tape at the apex of your bustline area. We'll go right here, how's that? O.K. 
>> Can you even wear a bra without underwires? 
>> I try not to. That's a tough thing, yeah. 
>> Well, underwires, especially when you're talking about someone who's really endowed and I'm just going to show you here, underwires, what happens is eventually, it has to cave under the weight. And it's going come poke and how many of you guys have been poked in the armpit like it's an old friend going, "hey, lady," right? You don't want that. 
>> I have. >> Well, we're going to make sure that that never happens to you again. 
>> Well, good, I'm looking forward to it. >> O.K. 
>> All right, thank you, carmen. 
[Applause] 
>> Stella: Now remember, we used tape on each of these size double d ladies to show where the apex of their bustline hits in their old bras. But watch what happens when we measure again, this time with the lift and support of the milana bra. 

[00:40:52]


>> Now, do you think that's a measurable difference? Remember, this is where the apex of t.C.'S bustline was in her old bra and here it is in a milana bra. That looks like a full two inches of lift, support and beautiful lace cami coverage. Can you believe that? Now take a look at carmen. Wow! Again, this is where the apex hit in her old bra and look at the lift she gets in the milana bra. 
>> Can you see that? 
>> That's a measurable-- 
>> she can't see over the girls. 
>> But look at that. That is a measurable drence. 
>> It is. 
>> Do you feel supported? 
>> Yeah, absolutely. I absolutely feel supported. It feels so comfortable and for someone who's, you know, well-endowed, it's tough to find a good bra. 
>> So are you a believer now in the milana bra? 
>> Absolutely. Definitely am. 
>> O.K., And so she's not going to have what? No more... 
>> All: Bad bra days! 
[Cheering and applause] 
>> Stella: Thank you so much. 
>> Terri: Thank you, carmen. 
>> Announcer: Comfort, lift, support and beautifully sewn lace-- the milana bra has it all. 
>> I don't have to check to see if the twins are in place because I know they are. And I feel sexy, I feel wonderful, I love it. Absolutely love it. 
>> I love the fact that it smoothed me out in the back and alongside here. I also don't feel like there's a bulge on the side as well. 
>> I can't even really describe it, but it's perfect. It just fits like a glove. 
>> Boy, are you in the right place at the right time. Right here is the only place you can get the milana bra. 
>> Announcer: How much money have you spent on painful bras that just don't fit and just don't cover? No more. The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape. The lift, support and comfort you want at an incredible value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 

[00:42:53]


>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> How about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> I could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- one nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call or click now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. 
>> Announcer: This is an exclusive, direct-from-the-manufacturer television offer, so call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 
[??????...] when we introduced the comfort, lift and support of the milana bra to this ladies-only studio audience, shelli had her doubts. 
>> I can't imagine how it's really going to support my breasts. 
>> Announcer: Now she's wearing the milana bra. 
>> How did it work for you? 
>> Actually, I'm amazed at how I feel supported. It's actually very comfortable and it's not rolling up, which i expected that it was going to do, so it feels really good. 
[Applause] 
>> Announcer: Shelli wasn't the only audience member who w anxious to put the milana bra to the test. 
>> All right, you in the purple, o.K., Come here, come here. 
[Applause] 
[laughs] hi. All right, so what's your name? 
>> Sharon. 
>> All right, sharon, tell me all your problems. 
>> Well, I got the back fat going on. I got the bulging up here. 
>> O.K. 
>> And totally uncomfortable every single day. 
>> I think you're brave for doing this and I think you represent really a lot-- real brave? 
>> Yes. 
[Terri and stella cheer] 
>> Announcer: Still brave and now sharon's comfortable because she's wearing the milana bra. 

[00:44:57]


>> This is so comfortable. I swear, you really don't know you're wearing it. I am smooth, the girls are standing tall. 
>> Announcer: And sue is unsupported and uncomfortable in her own bra. 
>> Can you see this right here? Well, not, no, what it's doing here, hon, look at this, sue, it's trenching you. 
>> Terrible. 
>> This is ridiculous. This is why the milana bra was born. This is part of it because i know if you want support, you're hiking up these kind of straps and these are not your friends. Oh, sue. >> It's terrible. 
>> Oh, my gosh. >> I know. 
>> Oh, my gosh! 
>> Announcer: But sue's terrible bra days are over now that she's wearing the milana bra. 
>> I love it. 
>> Isn't it the best? 
>> I'm not adjusting, pushing them in and out and fixing the things... Oh, my god, I love it. 
>> You know what, your smile says it all, sweetie, look at that. I'm so glad you love the milana bra. 
>> My girls are happy. 
>> Yeah, we're all happy! 
[Laughs] 
>> Announcer: And every woman can relate to jill's issues. 
>> So tell me bra problems, let's talk problems. 
>> I have a problem with the underwire where it sticks in at you when they get old. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> I'm just very uncomfortable in it now. 
>> All right, I'm doing-- what is that? I mean, look how it, look at how bunched up this thing is. 
>> Terri: Oh, honey. 
>> You see this, it's a war. Look at this. 
OH, MY GOSH! >> Terri: Oh! Oh! 
>> There is a war going on right here. 
>> Announcer: The war is over now that jill is in her milana bra. 
>> It's not digging into me like it used to between right in here and then my shoulders. 
>> No more fidgeting. 
>> No. First thing I usually want to do when I get home is get changed, get my bra off. This one I can wear. 
>> Announcer: Whether your issue is comfort, lift or support, the milana bra will work for you. 
>> Terri: Well, we've seen big girls and we've seen little girls, we've seen lots of girls today and it's because of you, stella riches, you've made all the girls comfortable. 
>> [Laughs] well, thank you for that, but you know why? It's because there's no man involved, there's no middle man involved. It's me, a woman, designing a beautiful bra for you beautiful women. So enjoy the milana bra, I know you will. 

[00:46:59]


>> And everybody gets to take a milana bra home today. 
[Cheering and applause] here's how you can get your milana bra too. 
>> Announcer: Are you having another bad bra day? Shoulder straps and underwire digging in? Hooks poking you in the back and bras that just don't fit and just don't last? 
>> Really? You're kidding. 
>> Announcer: Introducing the milana bra by genie. Designed by a woman for women. This amazing bra gives you super support, amazing lift and incredible comfort, all in a beautifully sewn lace cami style. Say good-bye to painful straps that are digging into your shoulders. Say no more to showing more than you really want to. And say never again to adding bulky layers to cover up. The milana bra gives you comfort, classy coverage in a slim, sleek look every time. Now you can get rid of unsightly back fat because the milana bra gives you an instantly smooth look every time. Uncomfortable underarm bulge disappears into a smooth, seamless fit. And the milana bra transforms embarrassing cleavage into sexy, classy coverage. 
>> I don't feel the spillage on the sides at all and it gives me the support up above, yet the milana bra shows the feminine lace. 
>> I'm sold. I love the milana bra. I love it. 
>> Announcer: The milana bra gives you perfect lift and comfort in a comfortable, seamless design. The secret is sempre forma stretch, an exquisite silky-smooth knit that molds to your body and never stretches out of shape. Created on italy's high-tech santoni machine, which knits 360 degrees, eliminating the need for seams, creating perfect fit and maximum comfort. Unlike most bras, the milana bra is different. The support you need comes from below, here, at the extra-wide support band; no uncomfortable wires needed. And the custom conform shaper helps to lift, giving you the perfect cup size and a comfortable fit. Whether you're petite or plus size, you'll look lifted and younger instantly with the milana bra. 

[00:49:09]


>> I feel 20 years younger. I FEEL LIKE I'M IN MY 20s. I can walk around confident because the babies are lifted up now. 
>> I'm not popping out on the sides. The back is-- I always look in the mirror in the morning to see what's popping out back there and this is kind of nice for a change. 
>> Announcer: Beautiful and easy to clean; just toss it into the washer and dryer and the milana bra always bounces back to its original shape. No special care required. And the milana bra even comes with removable modesty pads. How much money have you spent on painful bras that just don't fit and just don't cover? No more. The new milana bra by genie is as easy as ordering your top size to instantly, comfortably conform to your shape and gives you the hand-sewn lace comfort you want. The milana bra gets a five-star rating for its perfect fit, comfort, support, lift and value. 
>> So stella, I did a little research and I found that the average bra costs about $60. 60 for one uncomfortable bra? >> Yes. 
>> O.K., Would you trade that for one really comfortable milana bra? 
>> Um, yes I would, actually. 
>> [Laughs] how about two? 
>> Uh, for sure. 
>> We could stop at two, but you know, three would be better. 
>> I would be very happy, very happy. 
>> Announcer: That's right. Buy three milana bras-- one nude, one white and one black-- all for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And if you call right now, we'll ship the brand-new milana bras right to your door for free. That's right-- you'll get free shipping. 
>> Well, how about you? Call right now and for the price you would pay for one uncomfortable bra, you get three incredibly comfortable milana bras instead. That's a phenomenal value. I'm so confident that you're going to love my milana bra that if you don't agree that it's the most comfortable bra you have ever worn, I'm offering you a 100% money-back guarantee, no questions asked. 
>> Announcer: That's three milana bras for just three easy payments of only $19.99. And remember, if you call right now, we'll also include free shipping. That's three milana bras, an incredible $180 value, yours for just three easy payments of only $19.99. So call or click to get your milana bras right now. Call or go online now. 

[00:51:26]


[??????...] the preceding was a paid presentation for the milana bra by genie. 
>> Man: This has been a production of script to screen, direct thinking for direct response. 

﻿Title: Dr. Phil - Little Miss Attitude!
Description: A model child becomes a rebellious and violent teen; a juvenile police officer laments her teen daughter's bad attitude.
Channel: 3 - KYWDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: Early Start With John Berman & Zoraida Sambolin
Description: The latest breaking news and trending stories.
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 7/16/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Out osama bin laden but we can't kill out of this mess. 
>> President obama and mitt romney stare each other down one more time. 
>> I'm not going to wear rose colored glasses when it comes to russia or mr. Putin. 
>> From from red glasses to red ink, did mitt romney gaughan any red states? Or did president obama zing his way to a win? 
>> So the question is not a game of battleship. 
>> We go to the scorecards on a special "early start. 
>>> Good morning. Welcome to "early start," everyone. 
>> It's 5:00 a.M. In the east. 
>> The debates are done. No more debates. President obama and mitt romney going toe to toe over america's role on the world stage. 
>> And by most accounts, it was a more forceful president obama who came out on top last night. The majority of analysts and voters agreeing mitt romney was on the defensive for much of this foreign policy face-off. A cnn poll of people who watched this third and final debate shows 48% favored obama with 40% for romney. The president now two for three in the showdowns in the polling. He also won the second debate by seven points after taking a 42-point beating in debate number one. Senior congressional correspondent dana bash live from boca raton, florida. The million dollar question is how much of an impact will this debate have on the outcome of the race, if any? 
>> Reporter: It sure is. You know, if you look at this election season, debates have mattered. And that has been true since the republican primary. This debate, though, was a tricky one for the candidates. It was about foreign policy which does not rank high on the priority list for voters. So each candidate wanted to make it about leaderip, especially the president. Mitt romney came wanting voters to see him as commander in chief, commander in chief came determined to make sure that didn't happen. 

[00:02:11]


>> I know you haven't been in position to actually execute foreign policy, but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Reporter: Time and time again the president's harsh criticism filled with sarcasm. 
>> A few months ago asked the biggest gee yoe political threat facing america. You said russia, not al qaeda. You said russi THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING ASKING For their foreign policy back. The cold war has been over for 20 years. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. They said they needed 313 ships to carry out the mission, we're at 285. 
>> I think governor romney hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example, and we have fewer ships than in 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets. The nature of our military changed. We have these things called airccarriers where planes land on them. 
>> Before the debate, romney advisors said he would note the scrappy candidate we saw in the last one. Instead, stay solid and steady. Not take the president's bait. 
>> And attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Reporter: Romney repeatedly blamed the president for failing to lead on global hot spots. 
>> You look at the record of the last four years and say is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tim ult? Yes. Is al qaeda on the run, on its heels? No. Are israel and the palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. 
>> Reporter: But for the most part, romney was call nm demeanor and remarkably agreeable on policy from syria to egypt to afghanistan. 
>> Well, we're going to be finished about 2014. And when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Reporter: In fact, the republican who democrats try to paint as a war monger used the opening minutes to position himself as a peacemaker. 
>> I congratulate hi taking out osama bin laden and going after leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 

[00:04:18]


>> Reporter: Romney got under the president's skin by repeating this allegation. 
>> And then the president began what I've called an apology tour by going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. 
>> Reporter: One of the most fiery exchanges was not about foreign policy, rather something decidedly american. The u.S. Auto industry. 
>> If we had taken your advice, governor romney about, our auto industry, we would be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. I'm a son of detroit. I was born in detroit. My dad was head of a car company. I like american cars. I would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. The companies need to go through a management of bankruptcy. 
>> That's not what you said. 
>> Take a look at -- 
>> governor romney, y did not say you would provide help. 
>> We would provide guarantees. And that was what was able to allow these companies to go through bankruptcy, to come out of bankruptcy. 
>> Let's check the record. 
>> That is the height of silliness. 
>> Reporter: Now cnn's poll did show that overall the president won this debate, at least that's what the viewers voting thought. But if you look at what the goal of mitt romney was to be seen as commander in chief, he didn't do so bad. Look quickly at the lls. Romney handle the job of commander in chief? Yes, 60%. Asked the same question about the president? He's only three points higher at 63%. Again, the whole idea of sitting on the same stage with the president, being able to be seen as a strong leader, that was the goal of the romney campaign. If you look at that particular poll, he didn't do so bad. 
>> All right, dana bash live in boca raton, florida. Thank you very much. 
>>> As always, the two candidates through out a lot of numbers, figures and claims. We're trying to keep them honest this morning. Was a foreign policy debate. They sparred over troops in iraq. Obama claimed that mitt romney recently said the u.S. Should still have troops in iraq. Listen. 

[00:06:25]


>> You say that you're not interested in duplicating what happened in iraq. But just a few weeks ago you said you think we should have more troops in iraq right now. 
>> So what are the facts here? In december 2011, romney said we should have left 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 personnel there to help transition to the iraqi's own military capabilities. Then just a couple weeks ago romney said, america's ability to influence events for the better in iraq has been undermind by the abrupt withdrawal of our entire troop presence. So the verdict here is true with important context. Yes, romney suggested he would have kept some troops in iraq. But this is the important context. On iraq, mitt romney claimed that president obama was looking to keep troops there as well which the president seemed to deny. 
>> You and iagreed, I believe, that there should have been a status of forces agreement. You didn't? You didn't want a status of forces agreement? 
>> What I would not have done is left 10,000 troops in iraq that would tie us down. No certainly would not help us in the middle east. 
>> So what are the facts here? Leon panetta was negotiating to keep 3,000 to 5,000 troops in iraq within a status of forces agreement. It fell apart over the issue of whether u.S. Troops would have certain immunity from prosecution. A verdict here is what romney says here is mostly true. President obama did seem willing to leave some u.S. Troops in iraq under certain conditions, that deal just fell apart. 
>>> Eight minutes past the hour. As soon as the debate ended and the candidates families took to the stage, cnn's commentators and analysts offered their opinions. 
>> It's obvious that the president came to attack governor romney came to agree. He agreed with him I don't know how many times. It was not -- I didn't think really he didn't have very much to say, to tell you the truth. 
>> I don't think this debate is going to change a thing about the trajectory of this race. The first debate said it all. This debate won't stop it. Mitt romney has the momentum. You got the sense that american people are so focused on the economy this cycle. Foreign policy debates like this are not going to click. 

[00:08:33]


>> And the early part of the debate last night I thought mitt romney did fairly well. President obama dominated the better of the debate. I think he did emerge winning on debate points. 
>> David gurg insaid he thinks he passed an important test in this debate called the commander in chief test. 
>> Cnn political reporter peter hammy says from 9:00 to 10:45 eastern last night, the top five rising searches on google were horses and bayonets, syria, molly, drones, and tumult. If you missed last night's debate including all the tumult, tune in to cnn noon eastern for an encore presentation. 
>> And president obama talking about the strength of our economy on his watch as commander in chief. 
>> And as a consequence, al qaeda's core leadership has been decimated. 
>> So is this true? We're going to go live to washington to get the real story. Cheerios cholesterol as part of a heart healthy diet. That's true. ...But you still have to go to the gym. ?????? The one and only, Cheerios ?????? ] hospital wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 

[00:11:19]


[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] The wheels of progress haven't been very active lately. But because of business people like you, things are beginning to g rolling. And regions is here to help. Making it easier with the expertise and service to keep those wheels turning. From business loans to cash management, we want to be your partner moving forward. So switch to regions. And let's get going. Together. 
>>> Welcome back to "early start," everyone. President obama and mitt romney sparred face-to-face one final time with each trying to tear down the other's commander in chief credentials. So were any facts harmed in last night's debate? Our foreign affairs reporter is doing fact checking now. She's live in washington. The candidates argue over the threat of al qaeda. 
>> That's right, john. That is one of the big issues of contention. Last night president obama said repeating his claim al qaeda's core leadership is decimated. Mitt romney says not so really. Al qaeda is involved in 10 or 1 countries. There's no disputing that osama bin laden was killed in pakistan. And the obama administration used drones in pakistan killing a lot of the al qaeda operatives. But that focus is on the al qaeda core, the original group. What is worry so many here is affiliates in yemen, north africa and the arabian peninsula, operating in yemen who had that underwear bomber a few years ago. Somalia is considered a threat. They're believed to be tied to that attack in the u.S. Consulate in libya. Then the unrest in syria provided an opportunity for al qaeda in iraq and that country. So both claims are true, john. President obama's claim on core leadership is weakened. But those affiliates are active and remain a threat. 

[00:14:14]


>> So he called mitt romney a flip-flopper on a lot of subjects. ONEst BIG ONES LAST NIGHT WAS Afghanistan. 
>> Well, that's right. President obama accused mitt romney of initially being against the withdraw of forces from afghanistan in 2014. But as early as last year, mitt romney said he agrees with the 2014 withdrawal date. And he stuck with that. But he has said he would talk to his commanders on the ground to evaluate the conditions in afghanistan before the withdrawal. Now this stipulation of seeking acommanders is where president obama and mitt romney differ. The obama administration stated in 2014 withdrawal date is absolute. Now what romney is always criticized president obama for is announcing that withdraw date. So this claim here is mostly false. Governor romney agrees with that 2014 withdrawal but added that caveat, seeking advice from commanders on the ground. That does leave the door open for possibly staying longer. 
>> It does leave the door open. Last night romney was singing a different tune. He said as far as hews right now the generals are saying 2014 is a good time to come out of afghanistan. That is the first time he said that. Thank you. 
>> It is 15 minutes past the hour. In other news this morning, fungal meningitis outbreak is growing. Federal health officials say that 23 people died across 16 states. The total number of cases has reached 297. The outbreak has been linked to steroid pain injections made by a massachusetts company. 
>>> The big announcement today from apple. It's not that big of an announcement. It's just a mini one. Get it? Apple is expected to introduce a smaller version of the popular ipad. Rumor floating around the tech world that the screen will be 7.85 inches down from 10 inches. It is expected to cost $250. 
>> Hopefully the fonts will be bigger. The giants win the pennant. The giants win the pennant. Did you watch last night? They routed the cardinals 9-0 to complete a remarkable come back winning games five, six, seven going away. San francisco is headed to the world series against the detroit tigers. The giants are 6-0 in games where they faced elimination this postseason. Second baseman marco scutaro was series mvp. Giants will have home field advantage tomorrow night in san francisco. 

[00:16:36]


>> Marco scutaro. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Why can't we get guys like this. 
>> You poor thing. It is 16 minutes after the hour right now. Coming up, our military might buy the numbers. We're going to crunch the numbers to see if president obama's debate claims about defense spending add up.Smart comes with 8 airbags, a crash management system and the world's only tridion safety cell which can withstand over three and a half tons. Small in size. Big on safety. ?????? ?????? believe broader mix of energies. That's why we're supplying natural gas to generate cleaner electricity... That has around 50% fewer co2 emissions than coal. And it's also why, with our partner in brazil, shell is producing ethanol 
- a biofuel made from renewable sugarcane. >>A minute, mom! Let's den the world's energy mix. Let's go. ] pro. Governor of getting it done. You know how to dance... With a deadline. And you...Rent from national. Because only national lets you choose any car in the aisle... And go. You can even take a full-size or above, and still pay the mid-size price. This is awesome. 
[ Male Announcer ] YES, IT IS, BUSINESS PRO. Yes, it is. Go national. Go like a pro. Jack, boring. Boring. Boring. 
[ Jack ] AFTER LAUREN BROKE UP WITH ME, I went to the citi private pass page and decided to be...Not boring. That's how I met marilyn... Giada... Really good. Yes! 
[ Jack ] ...AND ALICIA. ?????? This girl is on fire ?????? 

[00:18:38]


[ Male Announcer ] USE ANY CITI???? CARD To get the benefits of private pass. More concerts. More events. More experiences. 
[ Jack ] HEY, WHO'S BORING NOW? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET MORE ACCESS WITH A Citi card. 
[ crowd cheering, mouse clicks ] ] 100. 100% New. 100% Mmm... Wow, that is mmm... It's so mmm you might not believe it's a hundred calories. New Yoplait Greek 100. It is so good. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] GLY NIMBLE, Ridiculously agile, tight turning, fun to drive 2013 smart. ?????? ?????? 
>>> good morning. Welcome back to "early start." U.S. Stock futures are down this morning after markets closed flat yesterday. 

[00:20:41]


>> That's all great. Let's get back to the debate. Christine has been looking at the president's claims on military spending and doing fact checks. 
>> We looked at the president's claumz about military spending. Listen to what he said first. 
>> Our military spending has gone up every single year that I've been in office. We spend more on our military than the next ten countries combined. China, russia, france, united kingdom, you name it. The next ten. 
>> All right. Part one of that claim, military spending has been rising in each of the years since he took office. This is true. Military spending has beenoing up over the past four years. Independent conflict research think-tank, u.S. Military spending has been going up since even before obama took office. In 2008, $621 billion. It increased every year obama was in office to 2011 when it reached $711 billion. Those are in unadjusted dollars. Let's take a look at the second part of the claim. He said we spend more on the american military than the next ten countries combined. Our verdict, this is a true statement. The u.S. Military spending in 2011 was, as I showed you, $711 billion. The next ten countries combined spent $611 billion from the same source. The u.S. Spends more on its military than china, russia, uk, france, japan, saudi arabia, germany, brazil, italy combined. When you look at china, you hear people concerned about the rapid rise of china's military. 143 billion in the spending. The difference here, so we outspent them 4-1, the rapid increase in how quickly china is spending money. And they don't have to borrow other people's money to fund its military growth. It has its own dollars. Actually dollars that it gets from the united states because we borrow money to buy their stuff. So that's one of the -- it's not necessarily unbalanced as it looks. 
>> Still, an interesting number to say we spend as much as the next ten countries combined. 

[00:22:41]


>> The reason why this comes up is because the sequester at the end of the year. What happens if you have this big huge chunk off a u.S. Military spending quickly what does that do to military contractors? What does it do to american military readiness and the like? 
>> Nice to have a little perspectivement we appreciate that. 
>> Thank you. 
>> We expected president obama and governor romney to disagree during the debate. And, yes, they did, a lot. But there was a surprising amount of agreement, too. You're going to hear them both on the same page coming up. If you're leaving the house, you can watch us on your desktop or mobile phone. Go to cnn.Com/tv. For more than 116 yrs, ameriprise financial has worked for their clients' futures. Helping millions of americans retire on their terms. When they want. Where they want. Doing what they want. Ameriprise. The strength of a leader in retirement planning. The heart of 10,000 advisors working with you one-to-one. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. me, you know it can be hard to breathe, and how that feels. Copd includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Spiriva helps control my copd symptoms by keeping my airways open for 24 hours. Plus, it reduces copd flare-ups. Spiriva is the only once-daily inhaled copd maintenance treatment that does both. Spiriva handihaler tiotropium bromide inhalation powder does not replace fast-acting inhalers for sudden symptoms. Tell your doctor if you have kidney problems, glaucoma, trouble urinating, or an enlarged prostate. These may worsen with spiriva. Discuss all medicines you take, even eye drops. Stop taking spiriva and seek immediate medical help if your breathing suddenly worsens, your throat or tongue swells, you get hives, vision changes or eye pain, or problems passing urine. Other side effects include dry mouth and constipation. Nothing can reverse copd. Spiriva helps me breathe better. 

[00:25:10]


(Blowing sound) ask your doctor about spiriva. Been shopping so smart, cash back with your freedom card getting cash back on what? Close shave and haircut fan for the ceiling. You're gonna cool off that hoooounddd! Tonight you gotta get your cash back, on new slacks. Use freedom on lunch with jack. Everybody get! Everybody get! Get your cash back. Chase freedom. things, trying to find a better job can be frustrating. So at University of Phoenix we're working with a growing list of almost two thousand corporate partners 
- companies like Microsoft, American Red Cross and Adobe - to create options for you. Not only that, we're using what we learn from these partners to shape our curricum. So that when you find the job you want you'll be a perfect fit. Let's get to work. 
>>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden but we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> We need strong, steady leadership, not wrong and wreckless leadership that is all over the map. 
>> President obama and mitt romney, the men who want to be president face off one last time, this time over america's power and how to use it. Welcome back to "early start," everyone. 

[00:27:14]


>>> Nice to have with you us this morning. 27 minutes past the hour. The debates are officially done. And with two wks to go before america votes, both kandz dates are hitting the campaign trail this morning. There's more aggressive president obama who by most accountsight's third and final debate. He defended his credentials with the gop challenger frequently agreeing with his positions. 
>> The same as the president did. I want to underscore the same point he made. He was right to up the usage. 
>> There have been times during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you do the same things we did but you'd say them louder. 
>> A cnn/orc poll of people who watched the foreign policy showdown shows 48% favor president obama with 40% for mitt romney. Senior congressional expand dana bash live from florida this morning. And the big question I guess is this going to matter? 
>> No. We will see as the polls start to come out after this debate and the n few days. But it was very, very interesting what he just played did underscore the first debate had president obama trying to avoid those kind of bumper sticker lines we heard one after another last night while mitt romney tried to just play cool. 
>> Mitt romney came wanting boaters to see him as commander in chief. The commander in chief came determined to make sure that didn't happen. 
>> I know you haven't been in position to actually execute foreign policy. But every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Reporter: Time and time again the president's harsh criticism tripped with sarcasm. 
>> A few months ago you were asked the biggest gee yoe political threat facing russia. Not al qaeda. You said rush why. THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING TO ASK For the foreign policy back. The cold war has been over for 20 years. 

[00:29:16]


>> The navy is smaller than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're now at 285. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example. We have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where plane land on them. We have ships that go underwater. 
>> Reporter: Before the debate, romney advisors told cnn he would not be the scrappy candidate we saw in the last one. Instead, stay solid and steady, not take the president's bait. 
>> And attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Reporter: Romney repeatedly blamed the president for failing to lead on global hot spots. 
>> You look at the record of the last four years and say is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle ea in tumult? Yes. Is al qaeda on the run on its heels? No. Are israel and the palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. 
>> Reporter: For the most part, romney was calm in demeanor and remarkably agreeable on policy from syria to egypt to afghanistan. 
>> We're going to be finished about 2014. And when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Reporter: In fact, the republican who democrats tried to paint as a war monger used the opening minutes to position himself as a peacemaker. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> Romney's successfully got under the president's skin by repeating this allegation -- 
>> and the the president began an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think that is a sign of weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. 

[00:31:21]


>> Reporter: Now this was a debate that was supposed to be exclusively about foreign policy. At times both candidates tried very hard to wrangle it back here to the united states to talk about issues like the auto bailout which was a pretty fiery exchange, to education, to teachers and, of course, to the economy. They understand both of them that that is the issue that voters are going to go to the polls on. 
>> Dana, we know that going into the debate both candidates were attempting to woo women. How did they fair there? 
>> Reporter: Youknow, that was one of the things that fascinating me most about this debate, particularly when you look at mitt romney's performance. We understand from polls historically from exit polls that women tend to be more inclined to sort of recoil from the idea of going -- of military action abroad. That they tend to like the whole concept of somebody wanting to sound peaceful. That is exactly what you heard from mitt romne he is the definitely appeared to be trying to close the gender gap even more than it already has. Women tend to be the last deciders. That really seemed to be on mitt romney's mind the way he was answering questions or in some cases not answering questions last night. 
>> We'll be talking shortly here about that specifically and how women reacted to the debate last night. Dana bash live for us in boca RATON, FLORIDA, THANK YOU VERi Much. 
>>> When it comes to dealing with iran and the nuclear ambitions, mitt romney and president obama agrehat a military strike is on the table. But only as a last resort. Yet, both candidates accuse each other of being wreckless on issue. So who is right and how do the approaches differ? Time for a fact check with tom foreman. 
>> Both of these candidates came into this debate saying that iran's nuclear program is a serious issue and it has been ever since obama took office. 
>> We then organed the strongest coalition and the strongest sanctions against iran in history. The disagreement I have with governor romney is that during the course of this campaign he's often talked as if we should take premature military action. I think that would be a mistake. 

[00:33:37]


>> I think from the very beginning one of the challenges we've had with iran is that they have looked at this administration and felt that the administration was not as strong as it needed to be. I think they saw weakness. And I think that when the president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and israel that they noticed that as well. 
>> They agree on many things, each man says iran will not get a nuke on my watch. Each one says economic sanctions are a good way of pushing iran, and each one admits that ultimate lit it may reach the point where a military strike is needed to stop iran's nuclear program. But they very much disagree on what should be emphasized in this equation and in recent months that led each one to suggest my opponent is being wreckless about iran. Let's consider the two options here. We'll start with the military one. That's one extreme. To consider that, we brought if a life sized digital model of a missile. We've done this just so you can see what size it is, how mobile it is and how easily this could be hidden in a bunker or perhaps the hold of a ship. We know iran has plenty of these. They're reasonably reliable. Reasonably accurate. And we know they're powerful enough to carry a nuclear warhead in tt nose cone right up there. So if iran gets a nuke, it does have a way of delivering it. Not the united states. It's not strong enough for that. Not even to most of europe. But it could easily reach all of the middle east and certainly it could reach the american ally, israel. Iran says it has no designs on that. It's not even trying to build a nuclear weapon. Yet, it is widely believed that israel has a contingency plan to attack iran's nuclear facilities and bomb them if need be to keep that from happening. There's no proof that such an attack would work. If it did not, they would have the pretext for saying we need nukes because look at how we've been attacked. When mitt romney talks about the need for strength, what he means is the u.S. Must send a very clear message that if israel attacks that way, america will stand behind israel. Barack obama says let's not rattle the sword so much. Let's rattle the piggy bank. He's talking about sanctions, the pressure put on the riyadh. This is the official currency of iran. Since october of last year trade sanctions from the united states and other countries have really hammered this. Look at this. In october of 2011, it took 12,500 riyadhs to equal one dollar. Now it's 35,000. Some imported products in iran now have doubled in cost since a year ago. A lot of citizens there are very unhappy about it. And this is the theory. By creating economic, social, and political pressure on iran's leaders through this, it will force them to the bargaining table to talk about giving up the nuclear program and in exchange for the sanctions being lifted. So what's the danger here? The danger here is what if it doesn't work? What if iran uses this, these negotiations as a stalling tactic while a nuclear weapon is being bought? So let's get back to the bac claim here. When these people suggest that my opponent is wreckless with reckless with iran, they may believe that. We have to give a rate of incomplete. Nobody knows how this story is going to play out. Only when iran either gives up the nuclear program or announces it has a nuclear bomb will we know who was reckless and who was right. 

[00:37:17]


>> That was cnn's tom foreman. If you missed last night's debate or want to see it again including our full sized missiles, tune in to cnn today at noon eastern for an encore presentation. 
>> Coming up, federal officials take a hard look at the health effects of energy drinks. It's hard to see opportunity in today's challenging environment. Unless you have the right perspective. BNY Mellon Wealth Management has the vision and experience to look beyond the obvious. We'll uncover opportunities, find hidden risk, and make success a reality. BNY Mellon Wealth Management 

[00:40:47]


>>> The third and final presidential debate is on the books. You're looking at the capitol where both canned baits would like to be next year by all accounts. The third and final debate was a victory for president obama would won the foreign policy face-off according to our polls and most pundits. He was more forceful the analyst saz with mitt romstriking a more moderate tone and frequently on the defense. Joining me with more on last night's debate is anna navarro. Our poll of debate watchers found that president did win 48% to 40%. You think that's a fair assessment? What do you think he did well in the debate last night? 
>> Yes, I did see him win last night. I think what he did well was show the authority that comes with being president. It gives him a clear advantage. You know, john, there is nothing like showing up at a foreign country in a big air force one. I think that showed yesterday. But, you know, I also think romney held his own. And two things I would say to you. Yes, barack obama won last night. Buitt romney did not lose to the level that president obama lost in the first debate. And I think this third debate has mattered less than the first debate. We have not seen throh the polls that the second debate was nearly a game changer as much as the first debate was. Let's remember that before the first debate, president obama had a lead. The momentum was on his side. The trend was good for him. And that all changed as a result of the first deate. I saw mitt romney slightly lose the second debate. We haven't seen that translate into anything in the polls. He now has momentum. We now have have see what will happen. 
>> It stemmed some of the bleeding for the obama administration. Let's leave that there. Was tl was a new tone in a lot of cases for mitt romney last night. Spent a lot of time agreeing with the president. Let's listen. 
>> I felt the same as the president did. I want to underscore the same point that president made. The president was right to up the usage of that technology. 

[00:42:50]


>> There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did but you'd say them louder. 
>> Now "the new york times" editorial board not surprisingly seemed to agree with the president this morning. They said mr. Romney's problem is he doesn't have any real ideas on foreign policy beyond what president obama has already done or plans to do. So you think this is a problem for romney? Or is this all part of a move to the center? It is working? 
>> You know, it happened way too many times for it to be a coincidence. This was obviously a practiced, strategic decision by the romney campaign. And I also heard president obama many times turn to him and say in a sarcastic tone, I'm glad you agree with me on this one. You know, I think president obama took the opportunity to school mitt romney a bit. And as I said, you know, he's been president for four years. Look, four years ago president obama was running when candidate obama was running against john McCAIN. He had very little foreign policy experience. Obviously, he'sarned something in the last four years. 
>> Do you think this matters? You said the second debate didn't matter. The first one went to romney, the second one to obama. This third one in a way was a rubber match. Might it have some effect if a close race? 
>> I think anything has an effect in a close race. This race is extremely close. But we did see, look, they've now gone through three 90-minute debates. We haven't seen horrific es from any of them. You know, we also haven't seen huge knockout lines or knockout blows from any of them. I was disappointed that governor romney did not take the opportunity to land a solid blow on benghazi. I was amazed, john, that issue was almost glossed over when it's been such a big issue in the recent past. You know, look, it's -- they're over. Now the question is what happens with the undecided? We have a handful of undecided, frankly, around this country. And I'm not sure that they saw anything last night that's going to help them decide today. You know, we have yet to hear on that, too. 

[00:44:58]


>> They better decide quickly. 
>> I hope they do. They're killing me. 
>> All right, anna navarro, republican strategist, always great to see you. Wish you were here us with in studio. Thank you. 
>>> All right. 45 minutes past the hour. Investigating five deaths that may have occurred from consuming too much caffeine. This comes after the company was sued by a maryland couple in connection with her teenage daughter's death. It is top selling energy drink. The stock plunged 14% after that case. 
>> Winter is still two months away. Parts of northern california are covered in snow. Snow. Wow. This is what it looked high in the mountains. 
>> Ski season. 
>> California highway patrol says drivers were not prepared for the storm. Why should they be? It's october. Emergency officials responded to a lot of car accidents. 
>>> Facebook investors are bracing for the d quarter earnings report after today's closing bell. The company's revenue expected to reach $1.2 billion, slightly higher than last quarter. But wall street still wants to know how facebook plans to get up to speed with noble ads. As millions ofviewers shift to apps on their phones. 
>>> And about an hour or so this rocket is set to blast off for the next set of international space station crew members onboard. The u.S. And russian crew is expected to reach the station on thursday. The threstronauts already orbiting lab will return to earth next month. 46 minutes past the hour. With both candidates trying to win the midwest, we're in a key swing state talk together toughest voters out there. They are the deciders. That's coming up. Cheerios cholesterol as part of a heart healthy diet. That's true. ...But you still have to go to the gym. ?????? The one and only, Cheerios ?????? You see us, at the start of the day. On the company phone list that's a few names longer. You see us bank on busier highways. On once empty fields. Everyday you see all the ways all of us at us bank are helping grow our economy. Lending more so companies and communities can expand, grow stronger and get back to work. Everyday you see all of us serving you, around the country, around the corner. Us bank. think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. tell is? Every room deserves to look great. And every footstep should tell us we made the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, softest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all special order carpet. Been shopping so smart, cash back with your freedom card getting cash back on what? Close shave and haircut fan for the ceiling. You're gonna cool off that hoooounddd! Tonight you gotta get your cash back, on new slacks. Use freedom on lunch with jack. Everybody get! Everybody get! Get your cash back. Chase freedom. 

[00:50:23]


>>> Good morning to you. Welcome back to "early start." We've been reporting throughout this campaign season, voters in key midwestern states are going to decide the outcome of the presidential election. Cnn's reporters have traveled all across the region. We're taking the pulse of the voters there. This morning we catch up with our reporter in davenport, iowa, located in scott county, the heart of roller derby country. I can't wait to s what you have in store for us, miguel. 
>> Reporter: That will make sense in just a moment. We are in scott county. You know who will be here tomorrow is president obama here in davenport. A few hours later, governor romney will be in cedar rapids. So iowa is on the map. It is highly contested here. I can tell the candidates if they're going to win iowans, they have to work really hard and be really tough. If it's davenport, it's got to be roller derby. Scott county is just one o several battle grounds here in america's heartland inthis one county alone there are enough votes to turn this state blue or red. The rollers demonstrated their signature move. 
>> Okay. Blocking in front of you. Your booty did block me. 
>> Reporter: And by the way, they're really tough. These midwestern women also voters. So it's all about keeping the other side from moving forward. 
>> Right. 
>> Reporter: This is like politics, you realize. 
>> Right. 
>> Waitress connie heart worked at the machine shed restaurant for 26 years. Derby name, diamond dust. Her specialty, blocking. Her biggest issue, the economy. How tough has it been? 
>> It's been tight. Real tight. 
>> Reporter: Because less money? Higher gas? 
>> Less money. A lot of people don't want to go out to eat. 
>> By day, carrie is a social worker helping kids with special needs. On some nights, she's lady gotcha, a jammer. That's the one that scores the points. What is important in this election? 

[00:52:30]


>> I want to make sure there's going to be budgeting for the people who actually need it, jobs as well. I want there to be continued job growth. 
>> Reporter: She seas she'll likely vote for a third party. Republicans say this is like 2004 with just a few counties broke their way giving bush a very narrow victory here. Democrats argue their advantage, the low unemployment rate now just 5.2% among the lowest in e country. This is a single machine? 
>> This is a sung will machine. It's only part of the machine. 
>> Reporter: Scott county in iowa rebounded with help from companies like genesis systems group, a manufacturer of industrial robots and increasingly its business is overseas. Are you hiring? 
>> We have done some hiring this year. I think we're up about ten people. Overall. But we're still about 10% lower than we were in 2007. 
>> Reporter: Scott county, an economic bright spot in the heartland whose voters can be tough to win over. Oh, my goodness! All rightment we knew politics was bruising. I didn't realize how bruising it could be. The polls here are incredibly tight. The president up consistently by a point or two. But it is very tight. Republicans do feel if he can pick up a few votes really in counties like scott county here anders across the state, they can shift the state into their column. 
>> All right. So where is the focus on the fact that you're taking blows in order to be able to tell the story? We're going to give you high five for that one. Remarkable. 
>> Well done. 
>> Anything for you two. You know, it's all about you. 
>> And we very much appreciate that. Thank you very much, miguel. 
>>> Andanother key state that will decide the election is colorado. Later in the week, miguel will meet voters in jefferson county and he'll join us live from there, golden, colorado. 
>> At least he was wearing a helmet. 
>>> All right, we have a pack post debate hour ahead on "early start" including debate reaction from the man who helped coach mitt romney during primary season. We'll see what fred o'donnell has to say about the governor's performance last night. Did he pass the commander in chief test? 

[00:54:43]


>> Also, we'll hear from romney campaign foreign policy adviser and former senator norm coleman on how he matched up against the president. 
>> First, you woen want to miss this, your late night laughs coming up next. believe broader mix of energies. That's why we're supplying natural gas to generate cleaner electricity... That has around 50% fewer co2 emissions than coal. And it's also why, with our partner in brazil, shell is producing ethanol 
- a biofuel made from renewable sugarcane. >>A minute, mom! Let's broaden the world's energy mix. Let's go. Card One, Thor's Couture GETS THE MOST REWARDS Of any small business credit card. Your boa! 
[ Garth ] THOR'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS DOUBLE Miles on every purchase, every day! Card. 
[ Garth ] WHY SETTLE FOR LESS? The spiked heels are working. Wait! 
[ Garth ] GREAT BUSINESSES DESERVE THE MOST Rewards! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark Business Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with double miles or 2% cash back on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? 
[ cheers and applaus?? The wheels of progress. Seems they haven't been moving much lately. But things are starting to turn around because of business people like you. And regions is here to help. With the experience and service to keep things rolling. From business loans to cash management, we want to be your partner moving forward. So switch to regions. And let's get going. Together. 

[00:58:19]


>>> So let's go beyond the winners and losers in last night's debate and talk about the punch line. It's this morning edition of "late night laughs". 
>> Tonight president obama and mitt romney hold their final debate in boca raton, florida. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The topic of the debate is what is more shocking to see in boca mormon or a black guy. 
>> So there were three. Three episodes. That makes it nbc's most successful show so far this season. And, you know, you know the debate was special because it was broadcast in 3-d. As if the candidates were reaching in and taking your wallet right out of your pocket. 
>> They say mitt romney won the first debate. Now pundits are also saying that second debate probably won by president obama. Whoever wins the third debate, that's the one held tonight, will meet the tigers in the world series. 
>> That's special. 
>> All right. "Early start" continues right now. 
>>> Last words. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>>> With two weeks to go and with the race scary close, president obama and mitt romney stare each other down one last time and take their parting shots. 
>> THE s ARE NOW CALLING To ask for their foreign policy back. 
>> I'm not going to wear rose-colored glasses when it comes to russia or mr. Putin. After the election he'll get more backbone. 
>> From rose glasses to red line to red ink did mitt romney gain any red states? 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Or did pesident obama zing his way to a win. 
>> So the question is not a g of battleship. 
>> We go to the scorecards on a special "early start." 
>>> Good morning, welcome to "early start," I'm john berman. 
>> I'm zoraida sambolin. It is 6:00 a.M. In the east. Up first, president obama and mitt romney in their final face-off before america votes. And by most accounts it was a more forceful president obama who came out ahead last night. 

[01:00:29]


>> The majority of viewers and political pundits agreeing romney was playing defense for much of this foreign policy face-off and a cnn/orc poll of people who watched this third and final debate shows that 48% favored president obama, with 40% saying mitt romney won the debate. The president now two for three in these showdowns. He also won the second debate by seven points after taking a 42-point drubbing in debate number one. That might have been the important one. Senior congressional correspondent dana bash is live from boca raton this morning. Hey, dana. 
>> Hey there, john. You know, it is already very clear that debates matter a lot. All you have to do is look at how mitt romney was able to come back in the polls across the country after he did so well in the first debate. This one was a little bit more tricky for the candidates, though, because it was on foreign policy, which is not high on the voters' priority list. So both candidates really try to make it a question of leadership. Especially the president. Mitt romney came wanting voters to see him as commander in chief. The commander in chief came determined to make sure that didn't happen. 
>> I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy. But, every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Reporter: Time and time again, the president's harsh criticism dripped with sarcasm. 
>> A few months ago when you were asked who's the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda. You said russia. THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING TO ASK For their foreign policy back because, the cold war's been over for 20 years. 
>> Our navy is smaller n than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're now down to 285. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example. We have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets, because the nature of our military's changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have these ships that go underwater. Nuclear sub marines. 

[01:02:37]


>> Reporter: Before the debate, romney advisers told cnn he would not be the scrappy candidate we saw in the last one. Instead, stay solid, and steady. Not take the president's bait. 
>> And attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Reporter: Romney repeatedly blamed the president for failing to lead on global hot spots. 
>> You look at the record of the last four years and say, is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tumult? Yes. Is -- is al qaeda on the run? On its heels? No. It is -- are israel and the palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. 
>> Reporter: But for the most part, romney was calm in demeanor and remarkably agreeable on policy. From syria to egypt to afghanistan. 
>> We're going to be finished by 2014. And when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Reporter: In fact, the republican who democrats try to paint as a war monger used the opening minutes to position himself as a peacemaker. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> Reporter: Romney successfully got under the president's skin by repeating this allegation. 
>> And then the president began what I've called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east, and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. 
>> Reporter: One of the most fiery exchanges was not about foreign policy, but rather something decidedly american. The u.S. Auto industry. 
>> If we had taken your advice, governor romney, about our auto industry we'd be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. 
>> I'm a son of detroit. I was born in detroit. My dad was head of a car company. I like american cars. And I would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. I said they need these companies, need to go through a managed bankruptcy. Fortunately the president -- 

[01:04:39]


>> that's not what you said. 
>> You can take a look -- 
>> governor romney -- 
>> you can take a look -- 
>> provide government help. 
>> I said we would provide guarantees and that was what was able to allow these companies to go through bankruptcy, to come out of bankruptcy. 
>> Let's check the record. 
>> That's the height of silliness. 
>> Reporter: Now overall in the instant poll that cnn did, certainly the president seemed to win. But mitt romney did very well in a place where his campaign was really hoping he would, and that is could he be commander in chief? On that issue, 60% of voters said yes. And that's not that far off from the president. Where he got 363%. Of course he already is the commander in chief. John and zoraida? 
>> All right, dana bash down in boca. Thanks so much. We want to wry in senior cnn political analyst and editorial director for the national journal ron brownstein. 
>> Good morning. 
>> So president obama described as confident and commanding. Mitt romney, though, scoring points on people are saying he looked presidential. What do you make of it? 
>> Well, no, I thought actually the president clearly drove this debate. He was much more confident. He was more commanding. Mitt romney, you know, was a little bit of who was that masked man? This was the first debate when he moderated positions on domestic policy. He really went much further on foreign policy, and really throwing off the persona of the spring. Which was much more of kind of a bristling, you know, I'll be tough on our enemies around the world and even tough on our allies around the world, kind of nd them to our will. Last night you know, the lion -- I'm sorry the lamb devoured the lion. It was right from the first answer he was trying very much to blur differences rather than sharpen them, with the president, in a way, I think mostly to reassure female voters that he was not kind of the war monger that he thought the president was going to portray him out. 
>> So our poll and the pundits seem to agree the president won last night. The question is, does it matter? Remember there was a game seven playing last night. There was monday night football. Will this make any kind of dent? 
>> Nothing is going to be as consequential as the tirs debate. Because in the first debate mitt romney established himself as a viable alternative for millions of people who are dissatisfied with president obama's performance. And you can't, ineffect, redisqualify him after he crossed that threshold. But look, I think the president was very -- you know, very reassuring last night in the sense of being kind of a strong hand in turbulent times. And mitt romney, I think, was much more tentative than he was either of those first debates. And he also, on the one hand, neutralized the one attack of the president, trying to sharpen the sensation that he's too quick to think about work. He opened himself up to another kind of argument, he's serially adjusting and rethinking his positions. Overall the goal of a challenger in a foreign policy debate is to cross the commander in chief threshold. He didn't vault over the bar but he got over the bar. 

[01:07:28]


>> You just mentioned women, and we do have some numbers. Both of them were going in to women and you actually said you really felt that romney would hyperfocus on that. When you talk about who won with women, 41% women for obama and 34% for romney. 
>> It's 56 for obama, 34 for romney. 
>> Right, exactly. So look, the president in polling is looking at historically low numbers among white men. Both campaigns think that is relativeocked n. That is not going to change much. That the is much more malleability at the end, moveability, if that's a word, among women in the final stages. And the president I think, given that second debate and everything that's happened after, really focusing on issues trying to move his numbers back up among women, which declined after that first debate. And I think you saw him yesterday, that steadiness, may have been very appealing. Romney, I think, tried to be less threatening. I mean, you know, he was across the board we can't kill our way out of this. We don't want another iraq or afghanistan. Much more kind of diplomacy tone on iran than during the primaries. But there was a sense, I think, of unsteadiness that may have hurt him more with women. 
>> The 22-point gap among women that's where obama wants to be. 
>> That's where he has to be. If he is going to win this election it appears that it's going to be women moving back, blue collar women in the upper midwest that have been hanging with him and maybe more of the white collar women in the sun belt. I think that's his formula for getting to . 
>> Ron brownstein, cnn political analyst. Thank you for joining us. 
>> Thank you. 
>> We appreciate it. 
>> Always good to see ron. As the two candidates threw out a lot of numbers, figures and claims we're trying to keep them honest this morning as much as we can. On russia, president obama charged mitt romney said russia is our biggest foe. And romney defended himself. 
>> A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda. You said russia. AND THE 1980s ARE NOWALLING TO Ask for their foreign policy back. 

[01:09:31]


>> Russia, I indicated, is a geopolitical foe. Not -- excuse me. It's a geopolitical foe and i said in the same paragph, i said, and iran is the greatest national security threat we face. 
>> So the facts, which all played out in a cnn interview with wolf blitzer are this. Romney said that russia was one of our biggest threats. But he added, north korea and iran also when pressed by wolf blitzer. Let's listen. 
>> This is to russia. This is without question our number one geopolitical foe. They fight every cause for the world's worst actors. The idea that he has some more flexibility in mind for russia is very, very troubling, indeed. 
>> So you think russia is a bigger foe right now than let's say iran or china or north korea, is that what you're suggesting, governor? 
>> Well, I'm saying in terms of a geopolitical opponent, the nation that lines up with the world's worst actors, of course the greatest threat that the world faces is a nuclear iran, and nuclear north korea is already troubling enough. But when these terrible actors pursue their course in the world, and we go to the united nations looking for ways to stop them, when assad, for instance, is murdering his own people, we go to the united nations and who is it that always stands up for the world's worst actors, it is always russia, typicay with china alongside. 
>> So it's really true on both sides. Romney did call russia our biggest geopolitical foe. And then only when pushed by wolf he expanded to include iran and north korea. Although it's interesting, even then he said that russia was behind iran and north korea. 
>> All right. It is:Minutes past the hour. Coming up, scoring the debate from a strategy point of view. We're talking to a man who's helped candidates prepare for the big stage before. ?????? ?????? keys, keys, keys, keys, keys. ?????? Well, he's not very handsome ?????? ?????? to look at ?????? 

[01:11:55]


[ sighs ] ?????? Oh, he's shaggy ?????? ?????? and he eats like a hog ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THE VOLKSWAGEN JETTA. Available with advanced keyless technology. Control everything from your pocket, purse, or wherever. That's the power of german engineering. ?????? That dirty, old egg-suckin' dog ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? It's hard to see opportunity in today's challenging environment. Unless you have the right perspective. BNY Mellon Wealth Management has the vision and experience to look beyond vious. We'll uncover opportunities, find hidden risk, and make success a reality. BNY Mellon Wealth Management 
[Music: Moon Yeah" Universal] ?????? Everybody well don't you know it's me now? ?????? ?????? Yeah who's it, who's it huh? ?????? ?????? Willy's back with a brand new beat now, ?????? ?????? Yeah doin' it doin' it up! ?????? ?????? Heyyy yeah, tryin' to bite my style! ?????? ?????? Heyyy yeah, how you like me now? ?????? ?????? Na na na na na na na na ?????? ?????? And everybody go uh! ?????? think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. 

[01:14:42]


>>> All right so debates are about policy, they're about politics but they're also very much about performance. Joining me to help score all of this is brett o'donnell, he helped prepare mitt romney for some of his primary debates. He's also worked with george w. BUSH AND john McCain. So brett, our cnn poll of debate watchers last night found that president obama won the debate 48% to 40%. You agree with that assessment? 
>> Probably so. I mean I think president obama was the more aggressor of the two candidates. And the aggressor tends to be viewed as the winner, and so given the fact that he was on the attack more than governor romney was, people are going to perceive him as doing better in the debate. 
>> We were speaking during the break and you said you were genuinely surprised by something that mitt romney sort of left on the table. 
>> Yeah, the very beginning. The very first question when bob schieffer explicitly directed the question toward libya, trying to get them to engage in a back and for the over benghazi, governor romney stayed away from that issue, went immediately to a broader foreign policy agenda, and then took the osama bin laden card off the table. 
>> He took a lot off the table. He spent a lot of time agreeing with president obama on a whole range of subjects. Let's listen. 
>> I felt the same as the president did. I want to underscore the same point the president made. The president was right to up the usage of that technology. 
>> There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did but you'd say them leader. 
>> The new york times editorial board agrees with the president. It said mr. Romney's problem is that he does not actually have any real ideas on foreign policy beyond what president obama has already done, or plans to do. Is this a problem for romney or is this a strategy? 
>> I think it's a strategy. Last night you saw him basically hug the president to death. And the problem was it frustrated the president, and really, in an election that's centered on the economy, this was a strategy that governor romney could prosecute and get away with. 

[01:16:46]


>> What's the priss k there? That the president is able to look himself more presidential and more like a strong leader? 
>> It let the president look like the commander in chief. But all governor romney had to do was pass the commander in chief test, which he did effectively. He was able to demonstrate that he'd be a calm hand asommander in chief, and if he gets over that r, the big issue is the economy. Which, if you go back and look at the debate, I thought he did a pretty good job of. 
>> You said that mitt romney frustrated the president. The president did continue one of his new line of attacks on mitt romney, really calling him a flip-flopper in that romney hasn't stayed with any consistent foreign policy message. Let's listen. 
>> Governor romney, I'm glad that you agree that we have been successful in going after allocate today. But I have to tell you that, you know, your strategy previously has been one that has been all over the map. So, what we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership. Not long and rockless leadership that is all over the map on a whole range of issues. Whether it's the middle east, whether it's afghanistan. Whether it's iraq. Whether it's now iran. You've been all over the map. 
>> Mitt romney did use substantially new language on the issues of afghanistan and iran. Does the president have a point here and is that a risk for mitt romney? 
>> Well, it's a risk only if people really pay attention to it. That's the problem. I think for the president. This is not a foreign policy election. There's no indication that governor -- the big question mark was, is governor romney going to be a war monger? And he answered that question effectively last night by pushing hipeace agenda, which, you know, was his message of the evening, too. It was clear the president wanted to show that governor romney would be erratic, that he's been all over the map. He pushed that message throughout the night. But the frustrating thing, i think, for the president is, last night governor romney was consistent. Whether or not that's a new position and whether or not the president can exploit that in the last two weeks in an economic election is a tough task. 

[01:18:53]


>> Yes or no, this debate matter? 
>> I don't think so. 
>> Fred o'donnell, debate coach extraordinaire of candidates past and present. Thanks very much for being with us. 
>> It is 19 minutes past the hour. Let's get you up to date on the other big stories. To the harassment and child endangerment trial of douglas kennedy. A maternity ward nurse testifying in tears that kennedy, the son of late senator robert f. Kennedy, twisted her arm and kicked another nurse as he tried to take his newborn son outside. The assistant d.A. Said the nurses were simply following protocol during the january incident. The defense called the nurse abrasive and confrontational. 
>>> Go mini or go home. Apple is expected to introduce a smaller version of the ipad today and rumors are floating around the tech world that the ipad mini screen will be 7.85 inches, so that's down from 10 inches. It is also expected to cost around $250. 
>> The san francisco giants are world series bound. They won 9-0 last night in the seventh game of the nlcs to complete really remarkable comeback. The giants are 6-0 when facing elimination this season. They'll have home field advantage in the world series against the detroit tigers. In game one, man, it's tomorrow night in san francisco. Get ready for that. 
>> And both candidates coming down hard on china. How bad is the trade imbalance between the two countries? We're checking the facts. That's coming up. One. Two. Three. My credit card rewards are easy to remember. With the bankamericard cash rewards credit card, I earn 1% cash back everywhere, every time. 

[01:20:59]


[ Both ] 2% BACK ON GROCERIES. 
[ All ] 3% ON GAS! No hoops to jump through. I earn more cash back on the things I buy most. 
[ Woman in pet store ] IT'S AS EASY AS... 
[ All ] ONE! 
-TWO. -[ All ] THREE! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE BANKAMERICARD CASH Rewards credit card. Apply online or at a bank of america near you. 
[Music: Moon Yeah" Universal] ?????? Everybody well don't you know it's me now? ?????? ?????? Yeah who's it, who's it huh? ?????? ?????? Willy's back with a brand new beat now, ?????? ?????? Yeah doin' it doin' it up! ?????? ?????? Heyyy yeah, tryin' to bite style! ?????? ?????? Heyyy yeah, how you like me now? ?????? ?????? Na na na na na na na na ?????? ?????? And everybody go uh! ?????? 

[01:23:43]


>>> Good morning and welcome back to "early start." We're minding your business this morning. U.S. Stock futures are down after markets closed flat yesterday. 
>> But our money guru christine romans is looking at some of the president's claims on u.S. Trade with china. 
>> When you talk about money and american jobs you're talking about china. Both candidates talking tough about the world's second largest economy in that debate, and the president claims that his policies are working. 
>> Now, with respect to what we've done with china already, u.S. Exports have doubled. Since I game into office. To china. And actually, currencies are at their most advantageous point for u.S. Exporters since 1993. 
>> All right. So on exports he's right but only if you look at two isolated months. If you just compare the month the president took office when we exported $4.2 billion worth of u.S. Goods to china, and you look at august of this year, the exports have doubled. But if you look at the trend, exports are not there yet. Let me repeat that. He hasn't doubled exports to china if you look at the longer-term trend. 2008 exports to china were $69.7. Last year $103.9 billion. This year we're not quite on track to double it. Also as exports have risen so have imports. At's the important part of the ledger. What goes out, what comes in. The trade deficit is worse since two thaud nine. We're exporting more but we're importing more, too. So, also, much of the candidate's criticism was focused on china's currency. It keeps it artificially low to make its products cheaper than american products. There have been recent progress as the president said. China has let its currency appreciate a tiny bit. But it is still held within a band set by the chinese government and that, you guys, along with a host of other chinese government policies still make china's exports, give them an edge over u.S. Exports. 
>> Only they can explain it as clearly as you do. 
>> Are you making fun of me? 

[01:25:44]


>> No, I'm serious! It was great. 
>> It makes sense. 25 minutes past the hour. We've had big bird, binders. And this time around bayonets. You'll hear last night's debate buzz word and so much more. Begin. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. Wahlalalalallala! Smooth, but crisp. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, woooooh! 
[ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Could've had a v8. eand to meee needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. And...Flip! Woah! Did you get that? Yep, look at this. It takes like 20 pictures at a time. I never miss anything. Isn't that awesome? Uh that's really cool. You should upload these. I know, right? That is really amazing. The pictures are so clear. Kevin's a handsome devil that phone does everything! Search dog tricks. Okay, see if we can teach him something cool. Look at how lazy kevin is. Kevin, get it together dude cmon, kevin take 20 pictures with burst shot on the galaxy s3. ??? 

[01:28:50]


[ Male Announcer ] JILL AND HER MOUTH HAVE Lived a great life. But she has some dental issues she's not happy about. So I introduced jill to crest pro-health for life. Selected for people over 50. Pro-health for life is a toothpaste that defends against tender, inflamed gums, sensitivity and weak enamel. Conditions people over 50 experience. Crest pro-health for life. Uo jill can keep living the good life. Crest. Life opens up when you do. 
>>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership. Not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. 
>> President obama and mitt romney, the men who want to be your president, face off over america's power and how to use welcome back to "early start." Thanks for bng with us this morning, I'm zoraida sambolin. 
>> And I'm john berman. 30 minutes past the hour. With 14 days now to go before america votes, 14 days, mitt romney and president obama are back on the campaign trail this morning. With the final debate behind them, and us for that matter. According to majority of viewers and political analysis, it was a more forceful president who won last night's third and final showdown a cnn/orc poll of people who watched the foreign policy debate shows that 48% said that president obama won with 40% saying mitt romney. Our senior congressional correspondent dana bash is live fboca raton, florida. 
>> Hey, john. Mitt romney came in clearly determined not to make any gaffes, to do no harm, in this very important last debate. As for the president, he came determined to paint mitt romney as somebody who is aaive novice who doesn't really get the nuance of the world stage. Mitt romney came wanting voters to see him as commander in chief. The commander in chief came determined to make sure that didn't happen. 

[01:31:11]


>> I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy. But, every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Reporter: Time and time again, the president's harsh criticism dripped with sarcasm. 
>> A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda, you said russia. THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING TO ASK For their foreign policy back. Because the cold war's been over for 20 years. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're now down to 285. 
>> I think governorey maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy for example. That we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Governor we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have ships that go under water. Nuclear submarines. 
>> Reporter: Before the debate romney advisers told cnn he would not be the scrappy candidate we saw in the last one. Instead, stay solid, and steady. Not take the president's bait. 
>> And attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Reporter: Romney repeatedly blamed the president for failing to lead on global hot spot 
>> you look at the record of the last four years and say, is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tumult? Yes. Is al qaeda on 9 run, on its heels? No. Are israel and the palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. 
>> Reporter: But for the most part romney wa calm in demeanor and remarkably agreeable on policy. From syria to egypt to afghanistan. 
>> Well we're going to be finished by 2014. And when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Reporter: In fact, the republican who democts try to paint as a war monger used the opening minutes to position himself as a peacemaker. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 

[01:33:16]


>> Reporter: Romney successfully got under the president's skin by repeating this allegation. 
>> And then the president began what I've called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east, and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. 
>> This 90 minute debate was supposed to be exclusively about foreign policy. But each candidate tried to bring it back to the economy so many times, john, and zoraida. And it's pretty obvious why. They understand that that is the number one issue that voters care about. 
>> Thanks, dana sh. Thanks for being with us after this debate and all the debates. Let's make a date to do it again in four years. 
>> A debate for four years from now. Or a date. Joining me now with more on last night's final presidential debate is cnn contributor and republican strategist ana navarro, and cnn political analyst roland martin. Roland I'm going to start with you. Our cnn poll showed debate watchers thought president obama won. So briefly, what do you think he did well, and what do you think he did wrong? 
>> Last night was sort of like a ventriloquist. There was president obama, and then mitt romney constantly saying, I agree, mr. President. I agree with that policy, mr. President. I agree with that policy, mr. President. Maybe it should have been bob schieffer and president obama for one-on-one last night. Romney was sitting there sweating, clearly got outclassed. He couldn't lay a hand on the president when it came to libya. So no doubt, you saw who clearly was comfortable and strong being commander in chief. And romney, again, a lot of things that he's said on the campaign trail, last night was, oh, no, it's all good. I'm sort of different now. 
>> Ana, iould think that you would probably agree with roland on libya, wouldn't you? 
>> Yeah, I do. It was the first question, right off the bat. I think mitt romney was a little off when he came out of the gate. In those first -- in the first and second question he was nervous. I think he was -- he might have been overprepared. He was trying to put everything out on the table at once and in the meantime he missed the point on benghazi on really slamming the solid blow. I think he recovered as the debate went on, he gave some very solid answers, along the debate. But president obama was prepared. And had some very solid rebuttals. 

[01:35:43]


>> So, roland just mentioned that romney spent a lot of time agreeing with president obama last night. So there's a piece this morning in "the new york times" and it says, quote, mr. Romney's problem is that he does not actually have any real ideas on foreign policy beyond what president obama has already done. Or plans to do. 
>> Right. 
>> So ana, do you think this is a problem for romney? 
>> I think it was a strategy. You know, yesterday morning the obama campaign came out with a new ad, and the new ad was all about, it's a clearer choice. Let me tell you guys, if you saw that debate last night, I didn't see that clearer choice. And I think that that's what mitt romney was trying to do. To, you know, take away the argument of the obama campaign that he is a war monger, with a twitchy finger who wants to shoot all enemies dead. 
>> But ana, here's the problem. You've heard mitt romney repeatedly for the last several months, frankly, last several years, and last night you hear a different person. And again, it was constantly, i agree, I agree, I agree. Ask yourself the question, then, if I'm watching two candidates, and all you can say is, I agree, then why do we need you in the oval office as commander in chief, if we've already got the person there who you're constantly agreeing with? He kept going back to even in terms of iran, when it comes to sanctions, we need to have more the president's sitting there going, yeah, we've already done that. We've already done that. And so, he clearly was demolishing and was outclassed. The president was clear, I'm the commander in chief, let me show you how this is done. 
>> Let's talk about that phrase, commander in chief. Ana, one second here. The cnn poll of debate watchers asked can he handle the job of commander in chief. So look at these numbers, 63% said obama could, and 60% romney could. 
>> And that's our poll of likely voters. If you look at the poll of cbs uncommitte last night, obama won 53%, romney 23%. A 30-point difference. If you're already a likely voter if you're republican, you're set in stone. In stone. If you are undecided, that's who you're trying to reach right now, who was more effective last night? Clearly president obama over mitt romney. 

[01:37:53]


>> Undecideds and women, ana. How do you decide to that? 
>> Let me respond to what roland has said before. Look the foreign policy aspect is part of the presidential job description. But right now it is not the most important. 
>> Part of? 
>> No, the economy is. And I think every american would agree with that. I think it's a very important part, but it's not the most important. Not right . Not where we are. 
>> Whatever you hear -- 
>> wait, wait, wait, hold on. Roland, hold up. I know president obama likes to interrupt, but I'm not in the mood to be interrupted this morning. 
>> Ana, you -- 
>> I'll interrupt. 
>> You're a republican downplaying commander in chief role when gop has always been a winner in that area. 
>> I'm not downplaying it. But you're asking why do we want somebody else? Well, because he offers different policies on other issues, roland. You know. And I think he got under your skin. 
>> Actually -- 
>> and president obama's skin because they did agree a lot last night. 
>> I'm going to interrupt. I really appreciate both of you this morning. Ana navarro, cnn contributor and republican strategist, roland martin, cnn political analyst. We always invite you back. Thank you so much for being with us. 
>> Wow, that was debate number four. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Meanwhile, our poll of last night, and many pundits believe that president obama won the debate. But, can governor romney hold his own? And will that be enough come election day? One of his key foreign policy advisers, former republican senator norm coleman of minnesota is going to join us right after the break. inherits challenges. Few have faced so many. Four years later... Our enemies have been brought to justice. Our heroes are coming home. Assembly lines are humming again. There are still challenges to meet. Children to educate. A middle class to rebuild. But the last thing we should do is turn back now. 

[01:40:14]


PRESIDENT OBAMA: I'm Barack Obama and... I approve this message. The wheels of progress haven't been very active lately. But because of business people like you, things are beginning to get rolling. And regions is here to help. Making it easier with the expertise and service to keep those wheels turning. From business loans to cash management, we want to be your partner moving forward. So switch to regions. And let's get going. Together. 
>>> Soledad o'brien joins us now with a look at what is ahead on "starting point." Good morning. 

[01:42:52]


>> Hey, zoraida. Good morning to you. Coming to you live from boca raton inrida. The site of last night's presidential debate from bayonets to detroit, from red lines to al qaeda, we're holding the candidates to their words. Breaking down the facts for you this morning. We'll also take a look at the night's most memorable moments with massachusetts senator john kerry, former minnesota senator norm coleman, and bill burton with priorities usa action pac. Also this morning are some energy drinks. We're going to tell you about an investigation into monster energy drinks. And baseball fever. The giants make it into the world series. All the highlights for you this morning. That's coming up right at the top of the hour on "starting point." Back to you, "z." 
>> Thank you. 
>> So it was likely the last time these two candidates for president could look each other in the eye before election day. The third and final debate in boca raton, florida, this one, of course, focusing on foreign policy like we've been saying all mornin I want to bring in former republican senator norm coleman of minnesota. He is a key foreign policy adviser for the romney campaign. And senator coleman, our debate after the poll last night of people who watched found that president obama won the debate. The spreadas about 48% to 40%. Do you agree with that assessment? Was this a clear win for president obama? 
>> Well, the question is, what's winning. And the most important part about winning is whether people said could governor romney be a good commander in chief. And on that number it was about 60-something percent. Perhaps the more important question about winning is winning in terms. I believe on the cnn poll governor romney was slightly ahead. It was a ppp democratic polling group that had people saying more likely to vote for governor romney 47-35. Less likely more likely to vote for president obama 32 less likely 46. And that was a poll also that said on points, on points, president obama won the race. And the final analysis this is an election. People are looking for who can be the commander in chief. Hat governor romney did last night is he tied having a strong economy as being essential to having a strong military strong foreign policy and clearly on that point he clearly won the debate. 

[01:44:56]


>> What he also seemed to do last night, more than he has ever done before, and I've covered him now for, you know, five years, is he seemed to agree with president obama on a whole range of foreign policy issues. Seemingly for the first time. Let's listen to what he said. 
>> I felt the same as the president did. I want to underscore the same point the president made. The president was right to up the usage of that technology. 
>> There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign, where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did, but you'd say them louder. 
>> Why all this agreement, senator? Did the governor miss a chance to separate himself f president obama on foreign policy? 
>> No, I don't think it's about, you know, trying to separate himself. I think what the governor did last night, what he accomplished and what americans wanted to see, was somebody who could be a strong commander in chief. I think one of the other things that governor romney showed last night, he showed in the course of the debates is here's somebody who's focused on getting things done, who worked with folks to get things done, and I think folks in america are crying for that. Is he going to argue over the use of drones? No he supports it. There are those things you can agree we can agree. Everything doesn't have to be a battle. The question is how do you make america more secure? By rebuilding this economy. Governor romney laid out his five points how he's going to do it. The president, again not a plan, not a way forward. Simply saying trust me and the next four years will be better. Bottom line is you don't have to fight over everything. Governor romney demonstrated that and reflected back to his time in massachusetts as a republican governor, and a democrat state and he says i know how to get things done. And I think that's what folks in america are looking for. 
>> It's not so much about fighting over everything. It's about taking a different line than he has in the past on some issues. Take afghanistan, for instance. In the past, governor romney has been critical of the president giving a timetable for withdrawal in afghanistan. He has also said specifically he would consult with generals before withdrawing troops in 2014. Last night it was a decidedly different tone. Let's listen. 

[01:46:58]


>> When I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. The commanders and the generals there are on track to do so. We've seen progress over the past several years. The surge has been successful, and the training program is proceeding apace. 
>> Again, in the past mitt romney very critical of the president for issuing a timetable. In the past mitt romney saying he would consult with generals before withdrawing troops. I don't think I've ever heard him say the commanders and generals say we are ontrack to withdraw by 2014. So this really does feel like a new tone on afghanistan. 
>> Well, where I would disagree with that, I think the governor has been very, very clear that he's on with the 2014 time line. The president said, the president talked about negotiating a ten-year commitment to afghanistan. It's ending military operations in 2014. But the president has talked about a longer-term commitment. Bottom line, governor romney has always been very clear about that. He's always been very clear about working with commanders on the ground. But 2014 date was set. I think governor romney criticized how you said it, criticized whether that was the way to set it. Kind of announcing it publicly. Perhaps without fully consulting with commanders on the ground. I don't think he's ever argued the point that we're going to live with the 2014 deadline. 
>> Last question for you, senator coleman. Kind of a fun one, hoping you can shed some light on a statement that got a lot of play on twitter and the internet overnight when mitt romney was talking a little bit about geography between syria and iran. Let's listen quickly to that bite. 
>> Syria is iran's only ally in the arab world. It's their route to the sea. It's theiroute for them to arm hezbollah in lebanon, which threatens, of course, our ally israel. 
>> Now a lot of people pointed out overnight that iran actually has a lot of coastline of its own. It's got the persian gulf there. So I syria -- syria doesn't even border iran. So is syria, in fact, iran's route to the sea? 
>> Yeah, there is no question that syria is iran's route to supply hezbollah. Syria is iran's route to supply terrorists. And so, he's absolutely correct on syria being kind of the linchpin of iran spreading its influence on the region. I'm not going to argue geography. But everybody understands syria is the kind of front man for iran. You take out assad you hurt iran very seriously. 

[01:49:17]


>> All right. Rmer senator norm coleman of minnesota conceding that iran does, in fact, have coastline of its own. It is great to see you this morning. 
>> Thank you so much. 49 minutes past the hour. We just heard from the romney team. Coming up the view from the left on last night's debate. Did president obama do what he set out to do? 
>>> In just moments a soyuz rocket is set to blast off. There it goes with the next set of international space station crew members. 
>> As they head on a two-day trip to the international space station. 30 seconds into the flight. Good first stage performance. The soyuz delivering 102 tons -- 

[01:51:41]


>> live pictures right now of that russian soyuz rocket blasting off to the international space station. It's a three-member crew. A u.S./Russian crew expected to reach the space station on thursday. The three astronauts already on board will return to earth next month. Again,here the soviet rocket goes right now at this very moment on the way to the international space station. Zoraida? 
>> That is so cool that you caught it right when it was launching. Thank you. 
>> I appreciate it. All right, president obama came out swinging last night and it wasn't lost on voters. Our cnn poll of debate watchers found that 68% felt that the president spent more time attacking mitt romney. So joining me now is former white house communications director under president clinton don behr. He's the worldwide president and ceo of the public relations firm berston. Cnn debate watchers give the debate to president obama. Who do you think or what do you think he did well last night? 
>> Well, think president obama showed that he's learned how to run foreign policy well. He was steady and strong. He was also sort of aggressive and assertive with regard to governor romney. You know, I actually think this. This has been a very long, confusing campaign. Very rancorous campaign. You boil it down, pretty simple. The american people want two things, peace and prosperity. And actually if you listen to that debate last night, both sides are trying to talk about how do we get more peace? And how do we get more prosperity? And that's really what it came down to. 
>> Do you think romney did as well? 
>> You know what? I think romney came across as someone who is credible as commander in chief. Which was probably his first bar and only bar for that debate. 
>> The president was clearly on the attack last night. We mentioned the cnn poll. But so was mitt romney. Let's listen to this. We don't have that. So, but here's my question, if you were on the obama campaign, would you concerned that going on the offense the way that he did would affect the voters? 

[01:53:42]


>> Well, I think the challenge for that is that he maybe looks too aggressive. On the other hand, he's in a position right now, we know where the momentum has entered this race as of late, he needed to do that. I think he needed to be strong in terms of the defense of his foreign policy over the last several years. Now, the romney he thought was going to turn up didn't turn up for this debate. And therefore, there might have seemed to be a bit of a mismatch there. But I think overall, the country wants to see that the president is assertive with regard to american security. And I think they saw that last night. 
>> So what you do is you prepare presidents for debate. The last incumbent democratic president to run for re-election, bill clinton, you prepared him for the debate against bob dole that was back in 1996. Not that long ago. So president obama did not fail to pull rank last night. Let's listen to that. 
>> Well, my first job as commander in chief, bob, is to keep the american people safe. And that's what we've done over the last four years. Here's one thing I've learned as commander in chief, you've got to be clear. Both to our allies and our enemies, about where you stand, and what you mean. One thing I think americans should be proud of when tunisians began to protest, this nation, me, my administration, stood with them earlier than just about any other country. 
>> So, in our poll of debate watchers, nearly as many people said romney could actually handle the job as commander in chief. What do you make of those numbers? 
>> Well, I think romney crossed the main bar that he needed to cross last night. He did not come off as seeming to have a hair trigger. He seemed like someone who could be in the oval office and do the job. But I have to say, president obama also showed how much he has learned. You know, remember, when he ran, one of the questions was, would he be able to step up to foreign policy and do the job? Clearly he feels very confident about this. 
>> Are you saying it was kind of an even match last night? 
>> I think it was kind of toe-to-toe. 
>> Interesting. 
>> On to the next 2 1/2 weeks of the election because that's really where this is going to go. This is going to be a long slog to the end and everyone knows it. 

[01:55:50]


>> Here's one of obama's strongest retorts to criticism from romney about the navy having fewer ships than it did in 1917. Let's listen. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example. And that we had fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. Because the nature of our military's changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have these ships that go under water. Nuclear submarines. And so the question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. It's what are our capabilities? 
>> So, horses and bayonets. Bayonets is one of the top trending things on google last night. Might it hurt president obama in key battleground states like the state of virginia, perhaps, where these navy ships are made? 
>> Well, I doubt it. I mean, I don't think people are parsing it quite that way. I think people are looking for the demeanors, are these people strong? Are they resolute? I think they saw that in both of them. I actually think you can kind of take the foreign policy issues now off the table and go back, i talked about peace and prosperity. I think this is about prosperity. How are we going to return to it? And which one of these candidates is better able to get us there. 
>> Don baer really appreciate your perspective this morning. We're going to take a quick break. We'll be right back. sugar-free Gummies have more fiber than other leading brands. They're the better way to enjoy your fiber. 

[01:59:08]


>>> That is all for "early start". 
>> A special edition of "starting point" with soledad o'brien starts right now, live from boca raton. 
>>> Welcome, everybody. Our "starting point" this morning. It was the final face-off. President obama, mitt romney tackling foreign policy in their final debate. Getting in their parting shots, as well. 
>> IN THE 1980s ARE NOW COWING To ask for their foreign policy back. 
>> I'm not going to wear rose-colored glasses when it comes to russia or mr. Putin. 
>> With exactly two weeks till election day, who has the edge now? We're holding the candidates to their statements and checking the facts, as well, and taking a look at most talked about moments. 

﻿Title: El Gordo y la Flaca
Description: Informaci??n sobre la far??ndula de habla hispana. Conducen: Ra??l de Molina y Lili Estefan.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/21/1998
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

The drug that works. It makes people live longer. He ricky martin hace confesiones de pap?? soltero. 
>> Tambi??n, ram??n ayala no quiere usar oro, plata y mucho menos diamante. 
>> No me los pongo. 
>> Ay m??s, sin pena ni pudor, laura flores nos comenta sus secretos de belleza. 
>> Preparen sus sonidos, hay una amenaza real. 
>> Por si fuera poco, ya ver??n a qu?? mujer fue a visitar lu??s miguel. 
>> Y en vivo, el gal??n de "abismo de pasi??n" y tambi??n el sabor de chino y nacho. 
>> Esto no es todo, prep??rate para lo que viene en este programa, es la biblia del chisme y el entretenimiento. 
>> Bienvenidos al "el gordo y la flaca" un d??a m??s, en vivo y en directo. 
>> Hoy es el d??a de las mujeres, las poderosas y las no poderosas. 
>> As?? es, est??bamos en la fiesta de las 25 mujeres m??s poderosas de estados unidos. 
>> Siempre ra??l. 
>> Pero de eso vamos a hablar m??s adelante. 

[00:02:02]


>> Hay muchas cosas que se dicen y la controversia est?? muy fuerte, cuando en su twitter jenni rivera dijo, les digo que el fin de semana una revista quer??a una entrevista que saldr?? ma??ana, les dije que no me interesaba comentar nada. 
>> La raz??n de que ella sepa, est??n diciendo que ??l ten??a una relaci??n con una de las hijas de jenni rivera, ella dijo que es incierto, y recuerda que la entrevista que le hicimos, le pregunt?? si una de las razonesm pudiera haber sido esto, pas?? algo, violencia, ella rotundamente neg?? todo esto, yo creo que si eso hubiera pasado, jenni rivera lo hubiera dicho. 
>> La hermana se entera y es cuando se acercan a la familia y es lo que dices, si fuera que esteban se acerc?? a su hija, jenni rivera lo hubiera sacado. 

[00:04:17]


>> Ram??n ayala estuvo en concierto y ah?? nos enteramos que teme por su vida, estaba rodeado de guardaespaldas, ahora los cantantes de los conciertos en palenques, se rodean de guardaespaldas. 
>> Todo indica que el rey del acordeaon ya se canso de cantar de antro en antro. 
>> Queremos hacer lugares como casinos, son partes m??s grandes, con mucho respeto, siempre reunimos lo m??s que se pu ede en lugares grandes. 
>> Le pregutamos ??por qu?? no usa esa joyer??a?. 
>> Es que ya no las uso. 
>> Estamos viendo tiempos dif??ciles. 
>> S??, no es nada por eso, con toda la gente. 
>> Son c que est??n pasando. 
>> Cada vez que llega a un lugar para una tocada, se queda esperando y tan pronto le dan luz verde, se va con varios guardias de seguridad y no le quitan el ojo de encima. 
>> ??C??mo se cuida?. 
>> No me cuido, nosotros nos quedamos as?? no m??s. 
>> Anda con la virgencita de guadalupe. 

[00:06:24]


>> Est??n bendecidos, por eso los traigo y este me lo trajo un padre que fuera a jerusal??n. 
>> Los fans deben pagar 20 para fotografiarse. 
>> Y como arte de magia, desparecieron los billetitos que hab??a que pagar por cada fotograf??a. 
>> A gratis complaci?? a varios de su fan??ticos y eso ocasiono a tremendo caos. 
>> Quiero aclarar, muchos de los cantantes gruperos se toman fotograf??as, cobran 20 a 30 d??lares por la fotograf??a, eso pasa y ustedes recuerdan que ram??n ayala, estuvo preso, fue arrestado en m??xico luego de que era una narcoposada, justo antes de navidad y despu??s habl?? y lo detuvieron por varios d??as, y el doctor dijo que padec??a de presi??n arterial alta, ??l dijo ??qui??n me est?? contratanodo para ir ah???. 

[00:08:25]


>> Este es otro de los que se retira, vamos a ver si es verdad, ??qu?? le pasa a nuestro querido ram??n? Esto lo estamos viendo cada vez m??s y m??s. 
>> Yo acepto tarjetas de cr??dito, celulares. 
>> ,Pero es un cart??n. 
>> Le tan robando dinero. 
>> Ahora tenemos en cuerpo y alma. 
>> Gracias. 
>> Dale, dale, verp,. 
> > Vero no pagues. 
>> Las cafas est??n bonitas, a ver, ah?? est??, tan lindos los zapatos. 
>> Carlitos, ??qui??n escribi?? este chiste?. 
>> Pudimos hablar con ricky martin en la gran manzana y el cantante nos habl?? de sus proyectos humanitarios. 
>> No quiso que le preguntaran por su novio. 
>> Encontramos a ricky main en un concierto. 
>> Te tengo agradecer al p??blico y ac?? estamos recolectando fondos para un centro en espinoza paz. 

[00:10:27]


>> Como sabemos que est?? viviendo en nueva york, ??c??mo organiza su vida como profesional?. 
>> Hay que organizarse bien, la obra de maravilla, hay mucho trabajo. 
>> Grabe con wisin & yandel y ser?? una canci??n. 
>> Esto es una cosa incre??ble, lo r??pido que pasa el tiempo. 
>> Buenas noches. 
>> Era ayer por la noche. 
>> Se port?? muy bien ricky martin. 
>> Es s??per humanitarios y hace poco lo fui a ver en evita y estamos hablado de lo rico que es ir a ver trabajo, los llevas al colegio, los puede recoger, o sea tremendo papel. 
>> ??Qui??n hace de evita?. 
>> S??, pero me refiero a la obra. 
>> Eso nos gusta, esa canci??n de ricky martin. 

[00:12:28]


>> Est?? todo organizado, ??l est?? feliz. 
>> Bienvenida ver??nica, gracias. 
>> Estaba en paris y madrid, un besos, como nos vemos all??, mucho cari??o a la madre patria. 
>> ??De verdad que lo ven mucho?. 
>> Entra por galavisi??n internacional. 
>> Me dijeron que por qu?? hablaba tan poquito, que ac?? en am??rica es la costumbre. 
>> Com?? delicioso y gracias por las recomendaciones de los lugares. 
>> Cuando le tomaba a los platos, dije, tengo s??ndrome de molina. 
>> Dijo que no est?? de acuerdo con esa persona y quiere m??s castigo para esa mujer. 
>> Hablando de justicia, no estoy muy contenta y lo mismo que me pas?? a m??, es que e mi hermana est?? pagando solo por m??, 6 a??os y medio, e cost?? pagar a un abogado. 

[00:14:59]


>> Como madre yo no voy a descansar. 
>> Esta historia la seguimos hace a??os atr??s, pero nunca estaba claro si la mujer la enven?? o no. 
>> Sucedi?? y ella es la m??s prestigiosa. 
>> Luc??a mejor que antes y ten??a el trasero m??s grande. 
>> Todos los d??as le pon??a un poquito, es un proceso de meses y ella no puso nada, su olfato se lo pusieron dentro del bolso, ella dice que no hizo eso, ella habla de su hijo y lo mal que la ha pasado. 
>> Ya no viene, le vienen a hacer competencia a jenny rivera, a ana b??rbara y a mi quer??a alicia villarreal, pues gaby spanic se lanza a la campa??a. 
>> No, no creo. 
>> Me contrato con otra ciudad para sacar un disco de m??sica regional, y mi banda se va a llamar la usurpadora. 

[00:17:50]


>> Y la quiere contratar para eso. 
>> Los esperamos como cosa buena. 
>> Que bueno que la pasaste bien. 
>> Vamos a una pausa. 
>> Volvemos con este joven de "abismo de pasi??n", aqu?? con nosotros en vivo. 
>> M??s adelante. 
>> Lu??s miguel fue visitar a una poderosa mujer, ent??rate de quien se trata. 
>> Es natural, no est?? pegado. 
>> Busque l??piz y papel, laura flores revela los secretos de belleza y llega la m??sica de >>orque me gustan muchos los animales. 

[00:22:34]


>> Tampoco sab??a que su color era el rojo. 
>> Que si se casa la luna de miel ser?? en paris. 
>> Que no quiso entrar a la universidad. 
>> Siempre fue de notas altas. 
>> ??Cu??ntas patas tiene?. 
>> Cuatro. 
>> La mam?? fue bailarina y coreografa. 
>> Asegura que no engorda y le fascina ir al gimnasio. 
>> Ahora posee un restaurante en la ciudad de m??xico y quiz??s pronto la veamos cantando y adem??s de su belleza poder cautivar m??s con voz. 
>> S??, las matem??ticas es buena tambi??n. 
>> Es una gran persona, gran actriz. 
>> No me gustan las revistas. 
>> Pero es que ??por qu?? dice eso?. 
>> Gracias, pero no me gustan. 
>> Lo vemos en "abismo de pasi??n", es el se??or que se iba a casar y dijo que estaba muy enamorado. 
>> Fue un d??a que no s?? que te hizo. 
>> Es que de verdad, est?? lista. 
>> Estoy muy enamorado de ella, pero no me quiero casar a??n. 
>> Pero se van a casar?. 
>> No s??, en alg??n momento. 

[00:24:36]


>> Pero t?? crees que es cecilia quien te apura de esto. 
>> No s??. 
>> Esta es una parejita preciosa, se encontraron en un momento muy especial de sus vidas. 
>> Pero muy, felices, son preciosos, son preciosos los cachorros. 
>> Pero, por el amor de dios, ??qu?? es esto?. 
>> S??, nos viene a anunciar que se lanza a la cantada. 
>> No, de verdad que no. 
>> ??Vas a cantar?. 
>> Claro que no, que no, yo vengo por otra cosa. 
>> Uno de los que va a cantar es aar??n d??az. 
>> Yo trato de cantar, yo vengo simplemente a miami a pasear, a estar en "s??bado gigante" que cumple 50 a??os. 
>> As?? es, 50 aniversario, no se lo pueden perder. 
>> ??C??mo lo est??s pasando?. 
>> Yo he pensado que siguiera como est?? en estos momentos. 
>> Y no sabe y empec?? a buscar trabajo. 

[00:27:02]


> Y te das cuenta que esto te va a funcionar. 
>> De repente me dan dos oportunidades y me meto a estudiar mercadotecnia y en ese momento me llaman para antagonizar una novela que se llamaba el t??o alberto, le dije, no, oye, dame chance de estudiar, t?? no sabes lo que es antagonizar una novela. 
>> Es fuerte trabajar como 18 horas al d??a. 
>> Pero me gusta, siempre me ha pesado, lo he dicho, si no me facinara, me volver??a loco. 
>> Si tuvieras un arma, te gustan grandes o peque??as. 
>> Me vinieron a sacar la lengua. 
>> Es que mira, ??qu?? inventaste?. 
>> No se pongan violentos. 
>> ??Cu??ntos vasitos tumbas por cinco tiros?. 
>> Lanzame. 
>> Toma el arma. 

[00:29:07]


>> Suu puedes apuntar si quieres. 
>> Es que mira, vas con unas m??s grandes, todo va como con su l??mite. 
>> Esa es m??s grande. 
>> Mira, ah?? va. 
>> Mira, esto es un escopet??n. 
>> Ah?? est??. 
>> Mira, hazlo as??. 
>> Arriba, arriba. 
>> S??, as?? es como se ve. 
>> Cuidado lilly, cuidado. 
>> Es que no m??s se hacerlo as??. 
>> En el m??o se teminaron. 
>> Muchas gracias. 
>> Gracias por estar con nosotros. 
>> Algo para divertirnos, vamos a hacer una pausa y regresamos con mucho m??s. 
>> M??s adelante. 
>> No puede fallar eso, pues me muero de calor. 
>> Habla sin tapujos mientras que el gal??n de "abismo de pasi??n" confiesa sus pecados. 
>> Tambi??n llega chino y nacho, prep??rate a bailar. 
>> ??Qu?? famoso cantante visit?? a el presidente de argentina? . 
>> Alejandro sanz, lu??s miguel, vicente fern??ndez, ricky martin, el famoso cantante es, lu??s miguel. 

[00:34:57]


>> Se??ores, lu??s miguel est?? en argentina, comiendo carnes rojas y presentando una serie de conciertos y aprovecho para visitar a la presidenta de argentina. 
>> Dice que fueuy amable, y son abuelas de la plaza de mayo, ??l saludo a todas, una por una, est?? bien alimentado, est?? bien alimentado luismi, est?? bien alimentado y est??s comiendo carnes rojas, mira que comer eso, dura 48 horas. 
>> Sigue mostrando eso. 
>> Que aburrido. Y mira, nos enteramos de varias intimidades de estos famosos. 
>> Dicen que ya est?? menopausica, nuestra reportera nos cuenta. 
>> El trabajo de los actores no es solel que vemos en el escenario, ac?? nos cont?? todo. 

[00:37:06]


>> Es pelo de mentira, es natura, no est pegado, me lo voy a poner, tengo poco cabello. 
>> Son las mismas actrices que lo hacen todo. 
>> No puede fallar, no puede fallar mi s??per t??, fr??o, p uni??n espa??ola me muero de calor. 
>> Mis muillajes, muchos, y ac?? el tel??fono, yo sola me maquillo, ac?? hay m??s maquillaje. 
>> Con toda clase pos?? para nuestra lente antes de salir a escena. 
>> Repasamos el texto, concentrarse, ya hicimos las repiraciones y ac?? estamos preaprados, sean bienvenidos. 
>> Tambi??n vimos como con tremenda cabellera, tiene mucha pr??ctica en el peinado, justo antes de la tercera llamada. 
>> Caliento voz, hago articulaciones, me gusta poner incienso y me gusta estar sola. 
>> Me encomiendo adi??s,. 
>> Por supuesto que la comunicaci??n es indispenzable para que trabajo sea todo un ??xito. 

[00:39:08]


>> Hoy no mentir??, un momento, hoy no estoy caliente, hay que calentarse. 
>> Si??ntate por favor. 
>> Ustedes han visto. 
>> Ok, para que no te quejes. 
>> Ok. 
>> Ra??l dale, ra??l dale. 
>> Bueno, ella se estira y nos calentamos m??s nosotros. 
>> Lo m??s importante en la vida, es estirarse, los perros se estiran y cuando se despiertan lo hacen. 
>> Nos fuimos detr??s de este loco ch??vere que se llama ricardo montaner. 
>> Es una de las siete maravillas del mundo, ??l cumpli?? su sue??o de grabar un video y nosotros est??bamos all??. 
>> Para la gente que no ha venido, conozca to, me encanta que est??s presente t??. 
>> Varios d??as de trabajo, unas 14 cuadras de puentes cargando equipo, mucha agua hicieron parte de una grabaci??n. 
>> Que lindo como ??l cantaba. 
>> Despu??s de esta experiencia, el cantante nos present?? su disco. 

[00:41:16]


>> Mira. 
>> Cuando yo me voy desde miami, desde la casa, el regreso es complicado, pero suelo visitar los mismo hoteles, les digo, me voy esta noche, ay??denme con la maleta. 
>> Yo ten??a casette tuyo. 
>> Yo tambi??n, pero es mi ??nica explicaci??n, que dios es grande y maracucho. 
>> ??Eresa de los que te has metido cosas y en el quir??fano?. 
>> No, a ninguno. 
>> Pero ??lo har??as?. 
>> No s??, pero s?? uso cremas. 
>> La esposa es cineaste y lleva las riendas de la producci??n. 
>> Se anda metiendo en todo. 
>> Estos saltos de 260 pies de altura, donde siempre hay un arco iris, tiene 24 discos y seguidores en todo el mundo. 
>> A nombre de univisi??n. 
>> Me quedan cuatro pelos, es como grande el cepillito y me sirve para ensayar. 
>> Cumplimos. 

[00:43:18]


>> Gracias. 
>> Gracias camilo. 
>> Fotograf??as en www.Univision.Com. 
>> En estos momentos, podr??n ver en www.Uvideos.Com un adelanto de "amores verdaderos". 
>> Est?? sebasti??n rulli, eduardo y????ez, t?? sabes que est?? muy bien y lo va a ir a ver a m??xico en un par de semanas y la gran novela se estrena el 7 de noviembre. 
>> Con??ctese a www.Uvideos.Com desde su m??vil para ver un adelanto de 20 minutos del primer cap??tulo. 
>> Que emoci??n. 
>> Ya volvemos. 
>> M??s adelante: 
>> Directo desde venezuela, llega chino y nacho para encender el estudio con su m??sica. Obama le gano el debate a romney, dicen encuestas. Primera tormenta de nieve en california.Y rusia lanza una nave suz hacia la estacion espacial internacional.Buenas tardes, les habla marielena salinas.Tendremos las reacciones al debate de anoche sobre politica exterior que, segun encuestas, gano el presidente obama a su rival republicano mitt romney.La nieve blanqueo la sierra nevada y la lluvia empapo el vallde sacramento, en la primera tormenta de nieve del otoqo.Rusia lanzo desde baikonur una nave soyuz con una tripulacion de dos cosmonautas rusos y un astronauta de estados unidos que se dirige hacia la estacion espacial internacional.Mas en noticiero . 

[00:48:36]


>> Se llev?? a cabo la celebraci??n de las 25 mujeres m??s talentosas. 
>> S??, fue un evento espectacular. 
>> Christian de la fuente est?? ah?? y lilly tambi??n, habl?? chiquinquir?? delgado y jackie garrido. 
>> Rodner figueroa no pod??a faltar. 
>> Fue un momento precioso, un evento el hotel muy lindo. 
>> S??, tambi??n un invitado especial. 
>> B??rbara bermudo. 
>> Jhonny losada, mar??a antonieta collins. 
>> Pero ahora vamos a dar la bienvenida a las valenzuelas, tres hermanas que comenzaron haciendo m??sica. 
>> ??Ustedes est??n calientes?. 
>> Que si calentaron. 
>> Ah, y comenzaron haciendo m??sica con su pap??. 
>> S??, mira, mi pap?? es maestro de educaci??n art??stica, desde chiquitito nos focaliz?? a las tres y pues bueno, result?? estoy aqu?? estamos. 

[00:50:50]


>> Un mes, ??l es quien nos forjo desde peque??a para hacer lo nosotros somos ahora. 
>> ??Cu??nto tiempo llevan ya?. 
>> Como las valenzuelas dos a??os, pero desde antes cant??bamos juntas. 
>> Hasta llega aqu?? a nivel internacional. Buenas tardes, les saluda barbara bermudo...Arrestan a un sujeto por presuntamente acosar sexualmente a su nieta y obligarla a que envenenara a su familia!! # unas hispanas no pueden ausentarse de su trabajo ni AuN ESTANDO ENFERMAS Y NO Existe una ley que las proteja!! # conozca a una ballena que APRENDIo A COMUNICARSE CON LOS Seres humanos!! # enrique iglesias muestra sus encantos en un candente video musical!! No se lo pierda.. En . 

[00:55:20]


>> "El gordo y la flaca" celebra una fiesta este jueves celebrando 14 a??os del "el gordo y la flaca". 
>> Est??n aqu?? listos para tocar, nominados a los "latin grammy" en categor??a de mejor canci??n tropical del a??o. 
>> Le damos la bienvenida a chino y nacho. 
>> De nuevo llega el d??o. ?????? ?????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? . 

[00:59:35]


>> Nos vemos en los "latin grammy" . 
>> Hoy en "primer impacto". 

﻿Title: El Gordo y la Flaca
Description: Informaci??n sobre la far??ndula de habla hispana. Conducen: Ra??l de Molina y Lili Estefan.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/21/1998
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

M??s, vayan a la p??gina. 
>> S??, se le ocurren cada locura, que hay que aceptarlo. 
>> Vamos a hablar de un concurso que los vmos a llevar de viaje. 
>> Ases, el "el gordo y la flaca" le da la posibilidad de viajar a las vegas como toda una estrellas. 
>> Con??ctate a univisi??n "latin grammy" y participa ya. 
>> Le har?? un cambio al ganador para que vaya a la alfombra roja conmigo. 
>> El manicure t??, lilly el pelo y yo lo visto. 
>> Le hago hasta eso si quieres. 
>> Vamos a hacer una pausa, alejandra espinoza viene en unos minutos. ???. 
>> Ya regresamos. >Mas adelante: Vicente fern??ndez nos da una noticia. 
>> No sabemos qu?? pasa con la polic??a de miami que no deja tranquilo a williams levy. 

[00:05:42]


>> ???. 
>> Tiene un auto nuevo, pero parece que lo estreno con una multa de tr??fico, le dije, hermano no vayas tan r??pido. 
>> ??Cu??ntas tiene ya?. 
>> La cuarta creo. 
>> Vamos a ver im??genes y la historia. 
>> Cachamos al mismisimo williams levy despu??s de compartir con sus amigos, este se parec??a a pitbull, que ??qui??nes van? ??Qui??nes se quedan? Pero ??l se retira con su hermano, como lo vemos en esta fotografia que los dos se tomaron. 
>> Hasta aqu?? parec??a una noche normal, pero ??qu?? cree? La polic??a detuvo al gal??n de galanes y entre epxli y explicaci??n, le tomaron esta multa por pasar la luz roja. 
>> Se ha quedado hasta sin licencia. 
>> Bueno, lo cierto es que el gal??n tampoco se escap?? de esta, el oficial tom?? todos los datos del veh??culo, que por cierto no era el anterior auto de williams levy.Y. 
>> Pero que l??stima, que bautizaron el carro. 

[00:07:47]


>> Dios me lo bendiga. 
>> Se pas?? la luz roja r??pido. 
>> Es que tambi??n, y te llega a tu casa. 
>> S??, ??l ha tenido varias, pero la multa ??l no la puede defender en la corte pues est?? en c??mara. 
>> La que siempre gana, mire, hoy viene con las piernas m??s largas que nunca. 
>> Les voy a decir algo, yo llegu?? a tener 13 tickets, por todo me daban, era como uno cada tres d??as, todo lo hacia mal y en cada lado me daban tickets, pues tienen alrededor de tres meses para ajustarte a la ciudad en que te s, pero bueno, fue el bomb??n asesino ninel condel que est?? preparando su pr??ximo calendario, pero lo que ella puso, es, bueno habl?? de que estaba preparando su calendario 2012, cuando se supone que era 2013. 
>> Pero ??qui??n no se confunde?. 
>> Es un peque??o mal de calculo, y bueno, si es as??, lo compraban. 
>> Es que lo est?? haciendo en el 2012. 

[00:09:51]


>> Eso le falt?? decir. 
>> Lo estoy haciendo ahora en el 2012. 
>> Pero con las fotograf??as que puso en el twitter, todo le perdonaron. 
>> Le dije que si va a hacer el calendario, yo le tiraba las fotograf??as a ella, no posar. 
>> ??Ustedes creen chicos que en el mar la vida m??s sabrosa?. 
>> Depende de como este la marea. 
>> Alejandra guzm??n puso muchas fotograf??as en twitter pas??ndola bien con su hermana en un peque??o yate, se la est?? pasando bastante rico. 
>> Estaba gritando uno de los productores, virate para que las piernas se te vean m??s. 
>> Jenni rivera puso un tuit, que en la distancia siempre ser?? mi amor secreto. 
>> A ??qui??n se lo dedicar???. 
>> Es que ella est?? separada, no volver?? con su esposo. 
>> Es una canci??n. 
>> Es una canci??n de marco antonio sol??s-. 
>> Pero si se busca novio, bien por ella. 
>> Marco antonio sol??s, le puso: Un fuerte abrazo amigo, y ella 

[00:11:59]


le puso: Gracias a todos. 
>> Es que ella sigue en pie en twitter. 
>> Bueno, much??simas gracias, al volver, regresamos con mucho m??s. 
>> Mi querida estrella de "mira quien baila" de la primera temporada, dianita reyes, cant?? espectacular, y ac?? est??. 
>> M??s adelante: 
>> Vicente fern??ndez nos da una noticia que nos deja a todos boquiabiertos.3 hola les saluda lindsay casinelli y estas son las informaciones deportivas..... El mexicano carlos de los cobos, ex tecnico de la seleccion de el salvador y recientemente cesado del queretaro, fue acusado de arreglar partidos y de ordenar lesiones falsas a sus jugadores durante la copa uncaf del 2009...(Wipe)el delantero giovani dos santos debuto con el mallorca en partido ante el sevilla... Gio colaboro en los dos goles de su equipo en la derrota frente a la escuadra sevillana (wipe) el delantero del atlas, matias vuoso, puede perderse de jugar manana ante morelia en partido pendiente de la jornada 13 de la liga mx, debido a un esguince de rodilla que sufrio el sabado 

[00:16:43]


>> mi gordo bello, te quiero aunque no hayas ido a mi boda, lilly te quiero, gracias por ese babydoll, pronto les presento a mi beb??, besos por eso 14 a??os, los quiero. 
>> Nosotros a ti. 
>> Am??rica sigue con que no fuimos a la boda, te mando un beso y dentro de poco vendr?? ella con su beb??. 
>> Le mandamos un beso muy grande a ang??lica que est?? viviendo en los angeles con su esposo. 
>> Oigan, bueno, encontramos a don vicente fern??ndez y recibi?? un reconocimiento de bautizar una calle con su nombre, se llama avenida vicente fern??ndez. 
>> Hablamos don chente de este honor y nos revel?? algo preocupante que tiene que ver con su salud, pues pidi?? que rezaran por ??l, aparentemente est?? pasando poalgo fuerte, vamos a ver que es lo que nos dijo. 
>> Yo no ten??a ninguna enfermedad, y no la tengo, pero hace poco me sali?? una bolita en el h??gado, ma??ana en houston me har??n una biopsia. 
>> El se chequea cada tres meses y debe estar en houston el d??a de hoy. 

[00:18:48]


> Les deseamos lo mejor. 
>> Pero hablando de gente positiva, que va con actitudes buenas por la vida, ac?? estamos con nuestra amiga diana reyes. 
>> S??, ayer ten??a muchos niervos, era una sorpresa para mary pily y que se fuera a distraer si me viera. 
>> Nosotros hicimos un show que se llama latinas v.I.P., Ac?? con su cadena hermana telefutura, ac?? en miami. 
>> Tambi??n estaba la esposa del pelotero y jazm??n l??pez. 
>> Las dos quisimos pegarle a la misma latina v.I.P., Era stefan??a, la chica que era amante de nueva york, eso fue que nos uni?? m??s, dimos cuentas que somos muy parecidas. 
>> Pero a ti te va mejor cantando. 
>> Yo no soy bailarina, pero lo disfrut?? mucho. 
>> ??Qu?? te parece que a fernando araus el p??blico lo salv???. 
>> Esto ha pasado por ??nica vez en "mira quien baila", pero es maravilloso, me lo esperaba, el p??blico lo quiere mucho, el que est?? nominado con ??l, tendr?? que tener miedo. 

[00:20:57]


>> Una verdad a med??a, es una mentira igual, as?? que perd??n por el inconveniente. 
>> Ah?? escucharon, era una verdad a med??a y me parece que est?? nominada en esta semana. 
>> ??Qu?? te parece esta guerra d divas?. 
>> Mira, yo voy por mary pily, es momento que se empieza a poner com biencomplicado y quien salga, se pondr?? triste, les va a doler. 
>> Me da pena, pero la que se queda, pues. 
>> Es que la puerto rico es tremenda. 
>> La vecz cuando estuve, jackie garrido arras?? con los fotograf??as y por cierto, les traje una gorra de google. 
>> Me encanta tu gorra ra??l. 
>> Definitivamente, son las dos fuertes, y se han fajado. 

[00:22:58]


>> Vamos a votar por alicia machado al 8801 y por mary pily al 8802. 
>> Por cierto, antes de irme, les traje una polerita, que les va a gustar. 
>> Gracias, vamos a una pausa y volvemos con mucho m??s. 
>> Ioh my god!. ???. 

[00:27:39]


>> Eso es lo m??s raro que he visto en mi vida. 
>> Es el circo de los vampiros. 
>> Bienvenidos. 
>> Es que no somos malos con los ni??os, para da. 
>> Los dientes son de verdad, somos todos vampiros transformados. 
>> Quisiera ponerme esos dientes alguna vez. 
>> Vamos a ver qu?? nos tienen. ???. ???. ???. ???. ???. ???. ???. 

[00:30:19]


>> Gracias por estar con nosotros y bueno, este es el circo 

﻿Title: Erin Burnett OutFront
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Ig covered on the "ridiculist." That does it for us. "Outfront" next, 14 days before the election, president obama lays out his vision for a second term. But doesis 20-page plan add up? 
>>> Plus, the aggressor versus the gruyere. We saw two really different styles during last night's debate. Whose strategy worked? 
>>> And apple unveiled a thinner, lighter, smaller ipad. But is its price tag maxi? Lego "outfront." 
>>> Good evening, everyone, I'm erin burnett. "Outfront" tonight, the big reveal. Today, president obama unveiled his plan for the next four years. 
>> Folks who are still not convinced, they can look right here and find out what it is i intend to do in a second term. 
>> All right. That booklet in his hand, I've got it here, a new 20-page glossy from the obama campaign, laying out the president's policies. They put a lot of time and effort into this glossy thing, because 3.5 million copies will be mailed to swing state households, millions more given out door to door. And the campaign also released a 60-second ad today airing in the nine key battleground states. 
>> We've made real progress. And the last thing we should do is turn back now. Here's my plan for the next four years. 
>> So what new information warranted this big campaign rollout, just two weeks before election day? Well, nothing, really. And the campaign admits as much. 
>> Obviously, a lot of people have made up their minds. There is a small universe of voters who haven't. We want to make sure those voters have access to the information they need to make the judgment as to which direction they want to go. 

[00:02:00]


>> So what we've really got is a fancy repackaging of ideas we've heard before, and some of the pages here, reviving american manufacturing, energy made in america, growing small businesses, putting you in charge of your health care. These are familiar topics. But here's the problem. Some of these ideas still don't add up. So let's take the core of it. The president's tax and deficit plan. According to the glossy, and I'll read it here. President obama's plan reduces the deficit by more than $4 trillion over the next decade. How, you might ask? Well, first, the president includes $1 trillion in spending cuts already signed into law last year. So those are cuts already on the books, no matter who is in the oval office. So maybe then it's $3 trillion. But next the president says, the plan makes sure that millionaires aren't paying lower tax rates than many middle class families. Now, to that end, the president plans to let the bush tax cuts expire for households making above $250,000 a year. According to the joint committee on taxation, that would reduce the deficit by $829 billioer the next ten years. Not even a quarter of the $4 trillion that the president says he's going to guarantee. The president also says he'll get there by cutting corporate loopholes and cutting spending. Of course, he doesn't say what loopholes or what spending. Sound familiar? 
>> You say that you're going to pay for it by closing loopholes and deductions, without naming what those loopholes and deductions are. And then somehow you're so going to deal with the deficit that we've already got. The math simply doesn't work. 
>> Hmmm. All right. Let's take a look at one more aspect of the president's plan as laid out in today's glossy. The president would commit half of the money saved from responsibly ending wars in iraq and afghanistan to reduce the deficit, and the other half to putting americans back to work, rebuilding roads, bridges, runways and schools here in the united states. All right. The problem is, here's what the president said just a couple weeks ago. 

[00:04:08]


>> One of the main reasons we went from record surpluses int record deficits is because we put two wars and two -- and two tax cuts on a credit card. 
>> All right. That's right. The money spent in afghanistan and iraq was largely borrowed. The president's word, put on a credit card. And he even wrote that in his glossy. So how can the president save the money which was borrowed in the first place, and how can he save money that he never intended to spend since the administration has long said it would end those wars? It doesn't add up. Senator barbara boxer is a democrat of california and senator, we appreciate your taking the time. I know you're out on the campaign trail. Fighting for the president today. Let me just ask you this question. 
>> And -- and congresswoman -- and congresswoman shelly berkeley. I wanted to make sure you knew, I was also out in nevada, campaigning for shelly berkeley, who we're trying to make a senator from the house. First, I have to say, the president did put the wars back on budget. So it is true that george w. Had them off budget. They're on budget. So that criticism is wrong. Let me tell you how I respond to everything you said. And I listened to it intently. 
>> Yes. 
>> I've run 11 successful elections for myself. They're hard, they're difficult. But it is true, at the end, you still have those undecideds. And even though president obama, as you point out, has talked about these ideas. For examplne you didn't mention is taking away tax breaks for companies who ship jobs overseas. The reason he wants to put this together, they're still undecided, and the republicans are complaining, where's the beef, where's the plan. So he put it together in a book. And I think that's a smart idea for those who are undecided. 
>> Right. And I mean, I see your point. As david axelrod said, there aren't many of them, but if this is going to help them make up their mind, it makes sense for the president. What about this question is? He says in the glossy, half the money saved from ending the wars is going to reducing the deficit. The other half to putting americans back to work, rebuilding roads. But it's borrowed money. Once it's not spent, he would have to borrow money to do those other things. 

[00:06:27]


>> Well, I'm just going to take issue with you. The money for the wars, when president obama took office, he stopped the sham. And those went on budget. So they're actually savings here. So, yes, you know, it just -- it really makes sense, if you think about it. We're spending -- 
>> well, I understand they're in the budget. 
>> He wants to bring -- yeah. 
>> But in the budget, doesn't mean on the budget. You know what I'm saying? 
>> I don't think -- well, let me just tell you what I know. What I know is, we've been spending a lot of money building other countries, and the president is right. It is time to rebuild our country. I'm the chairman of a committee, I'm very fortunate, I hope i keep the gavel that, is in charge of building the roads and the bridges and the water systems and the sewer systems. We are so far away from doing what we need to do. You're -- you know the economy. Have to have a strong infrastructure to have a strong economy, you have to move people, you have to move goods. And you have to move them efficiently. The president is right to do that. So I don't know why people, yourself included, would have a problem with this notion of bringing theoney back and spending it here in america. I think it's smart -- 
>> I don't have a problem with it at all. I'm just saying, is he saying he's going to be borrowing the money to do that? Right? Because he's saying money -- wars are ending, they're not going to be spending, and when they were in the wars, we were borrowing it. So he's saying I'm going to spend half on ending -- on the deficit and half on rebuilding the roads. So if you want to rebuild the roads -- 
>> you can say -- 
>> would you support borrowing the money? 
>> No. No, you could say that every single thing we do is borrowed. That makes no sense at all. The fact is, the wars are on the budget. They are budgeted. Instead of budgeting for the wars, we're saying we're going to take half that money, reduce the deficit, take the other half, and invest it in our people, in education, in job training, in building roads and bridges and highways. And, yes, we're going to ask the people at the top to pay a fair share like they it under bill clinton when we created 23 million jobs and balanced the budget. So I'm really glad he put together this book. And I think it's important for those people who haven't really followed everything and who are inundated with t negative commercials, they can look and see what the president wants to do in the next four years. 

[00:08:41]


>> Let me ask you this about the overall number. Let's take the $4 trillion, just because that's the number he put out there. 
>> Yes. 
>> Obviously, when he took office, said he was going to cut the deficit in half. The economy didn't help him and a big part of the reason why he didn't. And that's fair to notice. But when you look at -- obviously, we've been running trillion-dollar deficits since then. If you keep the debt firm where it is, it is growing, $16 trillion, his $4 trillion is only a quarter of that. So now he's saying we're going to cut it half, we're only cuttg a quarter, a much lower number. Is that right? Do you support that? 
>> Let me talk about what the president says. The president has a plan to cut $4 trillion. And you're absolutely right in your other comments. 1 trillion has been cut. And believe me that, was painful. I had to vote for those cuts. A lot of them broke my heart. But he has shown he is willing to do that. And he has laid out a clear plan to get to the other $3 trillion. Now, if you look at mitt romney, he wants to spend $2 trillion more on the military than the military wants to spend. He wants to give tax breaks to people at the very top, billionaires, millionaires, you name it. He doesn't want to take away tax breaks from people who ship jobs overseas. So he has no plan whatsoever. So one could argue that the president's $4 trillion plan will be tough to do. He's a man of his word. When he says something, he does it. 
>> All right. Thank you very much, senator. We appreciate your coming on and making the case for him tonight. Thanks for your time. And still to come, mitt romney played it cool while president obama was on the attack last night. Which style won your vote? 
>>> Plus, the two candidates squared off on the threat of a nuclear weapon. One candidate says it's about capability. The other about actually having the weapon. Does that difference matter? 
>>> And sent to prison for what six scientists did days before a devastating earthquake. Does that add up?Now build a time machine. Go here, find someone who can build a futuristic dash board display. Bring future guy back. Watch him build a tft display like nothing you've ever seen. Get him to explain exactly what that is. The thin film transistor display... 

[00:10:57]


[ Male Announcer ] MMM, MAYBE NOT. Just show it. Customize the dash, give it park assist. The fuel efficiency flower thing. Send future guy home, his work here is done. Destroy time machine. Win some awards, send in brady. That's how you do it. Easy. way meeting... Anne's tablet called my phone. Anne's tablet was chatting with a tablet in sydney... A desktop in zurich... And a telepresence room in brazil. The secure cloud helped us get some numbers from my assistant's pc in new york. And before I reached the top, the board meeting became a congrats we sold the company party. Wait til my wife's phone hears about this. 
[ cellphone vibrating ] 
[ Female Announcer ] WITH CISCO AT THE CENTER, Working together has never worked so well. ???????????? 
(Train Horn) 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. of places. You know, I've helped a lot of people save a lot of money. 
But today...( SFX: Loud noise oflarge metal object hitting the ground) things have been a little strange. 
(SFX: Sound of piano smashing) 
Roadrunner: Meep meep. Meep meep? 
(SFX: Loud thud sound) What a strange place. GEICO????. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more on car insurance. ?????? ?????? I wish my patients could see what I see. ?????? ?????? that over time, having high cholesterol and any of these risk factors can put them at increased risk for plaque buildup in their arteries. So it's even more important to lower their cholesterol and that's why, when diet and exercise alone aren't enough, I prescribe crestor. In a clinical trial versus lipitor, crestor got more high-risk patients' bad cholesterol to a goal of under 100. 

[00:13:40]


[ Female Announcer ] CRESTOR IS NOT RIGHT For everyone. Like people with liver disease or women who are nursing, pregnant or may become pregnant. Tell your doctor about other medicines you're taking. Call your doctor right away if you have muscle pain or weakness, feel unusually tired, have loss of appetite, upper belly pain, dark urine or yellowing of skin or eyes. These could be signs of ra but serious side effects. ?????? ?????? is your cholesterol at goal? Talk to your doctor about crestor. 
[ Female Announcer ] IF YOU CAN'T AFFORD Your medication, AstraZeneca MAY BE ABLE TO HELP. Different styles, but very little daylight between the candidates on the topic of foreign policy during last night's debate. As mitromney appeared to agree with the president on a lot of things, from syria to the war on terror. 
>> We're going to have to recognize that we have to do as the president has done. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. 
>> Would you go beyond what the administration would do, like, for example, would you put in no fly zones over syria? 
>> I don't want to have our military involved in syria. It's widely reported that drones are being used in drone strikes, and I support that entirely and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology and believe we should continue to use it. I want to underscore the same point the president made, which is if I'm president of the united states, when I'm president of the united states, we will stand with israel. 
>> Would you have stuck with mubarak? 
>> No, I believe, as the president indicated and said at the time that I supported his action there. 
>> Bill burton is a senior strategist for priorities usa, super pac supporting president obama and rick greenel for mitt romney is also with me tonight. Rick, let me start with you. A lot of conservatives were not happy with that agreement. Glenn beck, for example, tweeted, I'm glad to know that mitt agrees with obama so much. Why vote? Was this part of romney's strategy, to agree so much, or do they have similar positions on all of those things? 

[00:16:18]


>> I think the race is tightening, and governor romney has clearly got the momentum. And he's willing to step across the aisle like in massachusetts and find common ground. I thought it was really amazing that here we have mitt romney trying to find common ground, and president obama and all of his surrogates, all they can do is attack the common ground. No wonder we're having so many problems in washington. We have one candidate trying to find common ground but being made fun of for it. You would think the president of the united states would say, hey, this great common ground, let's build on this, not do attack ads the next day. It's really, I think, showing that the obama campaign is desperate. 
>> And I want to show the attack ads in just a moment. But bill, let me ask this. On the issue of substance, one of romney's objectives, clearly, was to prove he could do the job of commander in chief. That's what he wanted to walk out showing he could do. The cnn poll, 60% of the people walked out saying yes, he could have the job of commander in chief. 38% said no. The number of -- said obama could handle the job was 63%. When looked at that way, that's sort of frightening for you, isn't it? 
>> I think the fact that mitt romney has fumbled the ball every time he has talked about foreign policy kept the bar low for him when he walked out on that stage. The problem for mitt romney, if you listen to what rick said, which was kind of hilarious, national security debates are about strength. And mitt romney wasn't able to show any leadership, he didn't show strength. What he said was me too. I like what president obama does on this, I like what he does on that. And that's fine, it's good that he agrees, but an election is about choices and if there is no choice between the two candidates, if the challenger just basically agrees with the incumbent, then what's the point in changing horses midstream? 
>> Horses. Wait, we're going to talk about horses, huh? Horses and bayonets? 
>> Change bayonets midstream? 
>> Here's the problem, erin. The obama campaign has spent millions of dollars and six months trying to define mitt romney as something extreme. And what you see in each debate is he's not extreme. He really wants to reach out and find common ground. There are clear differences, no question there are clear differences. But to make fun as you saw bill doing, this is no wonder we have problems in washington. We need somebody who is going to reach across the aisle, find common ground and move forward. 

[00:18:32]


>> I want to talk about style, bill. Your former boss, the guy you're fighting for -- 
>> our president. 
>> Different presentation last night. Let me play it. 
>> We have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. Because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers, where planes land on them. We have these ships that go under water, nuclear submaris. When I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors, I didn't attend fund-raisers. I went to yad vashem, the holocaust museum. THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s And the economic policies of the 1920s. I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy. But every time you've offered an opinion, you have been wrong. 
>> john McCain, bill, said that some of these were cheap shots. What's your response to that? 
>> I'M SURPRISED john McCain didn't like the president's performance in the debate last night. I'm nore he ever really has. Look, what the president did was, he took serious foreign policy issues and talked about them in a way that was memorable, that people would take away the information from the debate and know something about what had transpired. What mitt romney says about ships and the navy is foolish. The notion that you can measure the strength of our navy by lining up all of our ships in the harbor and counting them is silly. On the issue of whether or not these debates are about finding common ground, you know, being commander in chief is about providing leadership. It's not necessarily about providing common ground. It's about providing a clear direction. Mitt romney's problem is that he's never been able to do that. 
>> Quick final word. 
>> You know, I think that's a silly argument. I think we've got to have a president who can find common ground, move us forward. That's the whole problem with washington. And I think mitt romney has demonstrated he knows how to do it. 

[00:20:33]


>> Thanks very much to both of you. We will see, two weeks to go. "Outfront" next, we go to florida, where john avlon is touring the state, talking to a small group of voters who literally could decide the entire election. 
>>> And apple already changed the tablet world when they had the ipad. Have they done it again? Or not? steve. He loves risk. But whether he's climbing everest, scuba diving the great barrier reef with sharks, or jumping into the market, he goes with people he trusts, which is why he trades with a company that doesn't nickel and dime him with hidden fees. So he can worry about other things, like what the market is doing and being ready, no matter what happens, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense, from td ameritrade. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] START WITH AN ALL NEW Award winning car. Good. Now find theost hard core driver in america. That guy, put him in it. What's this? 
[ Male Announcer ] TELL HIM HE'S ABOUT TO Find out. You're about to find out. 
[ Male Announc TEST IT. Highlight the european chassis, 6 speed manual, dual exhaust, wide stance, clean lines, have him floor it, spin it, punch it, drift it, put it through its paces, is he happy? Oh ya, he's happy! 

[00:22:43]


[ Male Announcer ] AND THAT'S HOW YOU TEST Your car for fun. Easy. boost. Flavor boost, meet beef. It's swanson flavor boost. Concentrated broth to add delicious flavor to your skillet dish in just one stir. Mmm! 
[ Female Announcer ] COOK, MEET COMPLIMENTS. Get recipes at flavorboost.Com. ] debt. Not everyone can understand it. The worry. The endless collection calls. We know what it's like... To be in your shoes. We're the providers OF CareOne DEBT RELIEF SERVICES. BERNIE DANCEL, WHO CREATED CareOne, Has been in your shoes. He once had his own battle with debt, which motivated him to start what is now the nation's largest brand of debt relief services. So call right now to speak to someone who understands -- and get your free customized plan. Our certified personal finance counselors have helped over 5 milon people just like you. It's not a loan. It's not bankruptcy. It's debt consolidation with a payment you can afford. And we stand by our service with a 6-month money back guarantee, so there's no risk to you. We've been there. And we can help. Call us right now for your free customized plan. Or, visit us online. CareOne. WE KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE IN Your shoes. 
>>> Our third story "outfront." On the road again. With exactly two weeks until election day, the candidates are making their final pitch to key voters in key counties and those crucial battleground states. And this morning, president obama campaigned in florida. And here's why. This is kind of amazing. The latest cnn poll shows a dead heat. 49% of likely voters supporting mitt romney. 48% supporting president obama. Florida is astate that both candidates desperately need to win in order to get to that magic 270 electoral votes. And of course cnn is along for the ride. "Outfront" tonight, john avalon traveling aboard cnn's election express. This evening in lakeland, florida, a city that sits literally in the heart of the i-4 corridor, known for swing voters. It's not just a swing state, john. It's the swing voters in that swing state. What are they telling you? 

[00:25:19]


>> Reporter: Listen, we've been talking today. It's fascinating. One said last night's debate did help make up her mind. For folks for president obama, a since of frustration, a former supporter said it's his responsibility to get things done. He's the president. Doesn't matter how difficult it is. Another person who is going to be voting for president obama instead of mitt romney says we need asident, not a boss. Saying he might not get it done. As you know, erin, it's florida, florida, florida. Bush won by 537 votes in 2000. 29 electoral votes total, the biggest prize in the swing state this season. 
>> And why lakeland? What makes that area so important and such a toss-up? 
>> Reporter: Sure. You know, it's the i-4 corridor, the swing part of the sunshine state is the center of the state. Stretching from tampa bay through orlando, over to the space coast. Lakeland is right in the heart of it. It's a more rural district, polk county is more rural. But lakeland has been hit hard by economic times, big boom, unemployment now 9% ahead of the national average. Where it was when president obama took office. That only tells part of the story. This umployment here spiked to 12.9% in november of 2009. So there is a recovery, but that refrain you hear over and over, it hasn't been fast enough. And it reinforces the cnn poll, erin, how tight this is. President obama and mitt romney tied among independent voters and suburban voters. That tells you how tight the sunshine state is right now. 
>> All right. That's how we like it. It's good for the countdown. Thanks to john avalon. And we'll be checking in with john as he travels with the cnn election bus across the country. To learn more about where he'll be making stops, see if there is one near where you are, go to our blog, cnn.Com/outfront. 
>>> Both candidates talked tough last night. Are we running out of time for talk? A chairman of the house intelligence committee, mike rogers is "outfront" next. 
>>> Plus, why is a congressman running for re-election, checking back into the mayo clinic? To test the 2.0-liter turbo engine. 

[00:27:22]


[ engine revs ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Derek ] 272 HORSEPOWER. THE LIGHTEST IN Its class. The cadillac ats outmatches the bmw 3 series. I cannot believe I have ended the day not scraping some red paint off on these barriers. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ALL-NEW CADILLAC ATS. The wheels of progress haven't been very active lately. But because of business people like you, things are beginning to get rolling. And regions is here to help. Making it easier with the expertise and service to keep those wheels turning. From business loans to cash management, we want to be your partner moving forward. So switch to regions. And let's get going. Together. few to a currency market for everyone. The potential of FXCM unlocked. NYSE Euronext. Unlocking the world's potential. communities businesses. The potential of Yelp unlocked. NYSE Euronext. Unlocking the world's potential. 

[00:31:11]


>>> Welcome back to the second half of "outfront." We start the second half of our show with stories we care about, where we focus on our reporting from the front lines. And we begin tonight with a sharp drop for stocks today. The dow was down 243 points. The s&p lost nearly a percent and a half. Both indices are trading at a seven-week low. Results in terms of quarterly earnings. Analysts at s&p capital iq say third quarter reports for s&p 500 companies, their earnings are going to grow by just .04% this quarter. That's a bad number. In fact, the worst since the third quarter of 2009. It's a grim verdict on the state of the economy right now. We d though, get some good news from facebook after the bell. The world's biggest social network reported results that came in just above expectations. 
>>> Representative -- doctors at a british hospital said malala yousafzai remains in stable condition. She was visited by a minister who brought her cards and flower, pakistani provincial minister. She was shot two weeks ago for advocating the right of girls to get an education. 
>>> And representative jesse jackson jr. Is on his way back to the mayo clinic to receive a second round of treatment for bipolar disorder. Congressman bobby rush spoke with jackson and tells "outfront" that jackson expressed a tremendous desire to get back to work. He said jackson teared up, because he feels he is letting people down. You may remember, jackson first announced in june he was taking a medical leave. Congressman rush, though,inists jackson doesn't need to rush to a decision about his political future, even though those vying for jackson's congressional seat think otherwise. Both the republican and independent candidates running for that seat have suggested that jackson step aside. 
>>> It has been 446 days since this country lost its top credit rating. What are we doing to get it back? And now our fourth story "outfront." Tough talk on iran. Both president obama and governor mitt romney say iran will not get a nuclear weapon under their watch. But who is a better approach to dealing with the rogue nation? Last night's debate, it was pretty tough to tell. 

[00:33:18]


>> They laid out seven steps, crippling sanctions were number one. And they do work. You're seeing it right now in the economy. It's absolutely the right thing to do to have crippling sanctions. I would have put them in place earlier, but it's good that we have them. 
>> I'm glad that governor romney agrees with the steps we're taking. There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign, where it sounded like you thought that you would do the same thingsdid you but you would say them louder and that would make a difference. 
>> The president points to iran's crumbling currency which has dropped as much as 80% over the last year, oil exports at a 20-year low. Governor romney says we're four years closer to a nuclear iran. Mike rogers is the chairman of house intelligence committee and he's "outfront" tonight. Chairman, good to see you as always. Let me start wthis. There isn't a big difference between the president and governor romney, at least when they talk about iran. They both want sanctions, they don't want them to have a nuclear weapon. But based on your intelligence that you receive, how close is it iran to that capability, to use that crucial word, to build a nuclear weapon, if that's what they want? Of course, they say that's not what they want. 
>> It's pretty clear. I don't think anyone denies fact they're work towards a nuclear weapon. Clearly our relationship with the israelis, others, even others in the middle east, will tell you, intelligence services will tell you, they're well on their way to get a nuclear weapon. Here's the thing. They hit a very important milestone in the pursuing of a nuclear weapon, erin. They hit that magic 20% enrichment rate. So from 0 to 20% really difficult to do, very hard to do. They have had some problems, had some equipment failures and other things. But they have hit that 20%. That means from 20 to the 90-plus that they need for highly enriched anium, much easier to do. So they have crossed that very important hurdle. They're moving centrifuges into a fality, which is why all of this angst is in israel, into a facility that's underground. So we believe they have enough centrifuges to -- and are on target to have enrichment capability for multiple bombs. And the time line problem here is this. The israelis will tell you, they believe if it goes much longer, they may or may not be able to impact the program in other words, slow it down by -- 

[00:35:50]


>> right. 
>> Military strikes or other things. So that's why all of this angst over iran, this time line, this window, is getting smaller. 
>> And I guess the hope still, it seemed from both the president and the governor, is that sanctions will work. And that's why I wanted to ask you this. One thing that sort of is shocking is that the top four buyers of iranian crude oil are still buying it. We're talking about japan, china, india and korea. And they're doing it with the blessing of the u.S. State department. China is now buying half of iran's daily output. So, yes, sanctions have hurt them. Yes, their oil exports have plunged, but the biggest buyers are still buying. I'm wondering why the u.S. Government gives those free passes. Is it because we can't get china to do what we want? 
>> Well, china is certainly not going to cooperate with the united states in any way on iran. They have other deals there. So they need that petroleum. Remember, china has to grow at about 8% a year, just to meet their social demands on their government spending. So they're not going to pay attention to us. They haven't been very helpful in trying to slow down the iranian progm. Russia has also not been very helpful on trying to slow down the iranian program. So they're not going to help us. The other countries that got waivers was a little bit concerning, that the administration thought, well, we're going to be tough, but we're going to give these waivers. And you know, to -- that other side of that coin is that these countries said it would be so crippling to their economy, because they take such a high percentage of iranian oil that they wouldn't be able to survive it economically. So that's the problem you have. But here's the thing. We have to remember, we sanctioned north korea almost to starvation. They are well on their way. And in fact, we believe they have weapons-grade enriched uranium today. So it can't just be sanctions. It has to be at least the threat -- I'm just talking about the threat -- and iran has to believe it, that all options re on the table. And here's the problem. Israel doesn't believe the u.S. Is serious, and neither does iran. That has been the biggest problem in why you see this israeli-american -- at least fighting with the administration over this. 

[00:37:51]


>> Do you think, though, then, we're going to end up in a position where we have to make a choice in military action? Obviously, if iran is still getting money. And a lot of companies that operate in the u.S., Like samsung, that operate in iran, we don't stop that either, they're going to keep getting closer, then we're going to have to make good on that threat. And I think iran is aware of what we're aware of, the american people don't want war. 
>> Yeah, again, you -- there's a whole series of options other than war. And I think that's the mistake here, is that the talk is, well, it's either war or just sanctions or you can't have anything in between. There is a whole series of options, erin, that a president would have available to him and whoever that is come november 6th. I have my choice. BUT AFTER NOVEMBER 6th, WHOEVER The president is, is going to have a whole series of options they can do, well short of war, but would have, you know, some impact there into the program. Now, israel, remember, they have egypt that is no longer a reliable partner in the south. They have hezbollah becoming more anxious, has 30,000 missiles pointed at israel. Hamas has been engaged in activity. They feel they're under siege, and they can't afford to let iran get a nuclear weapon. 
-- I think -- I believe there are capabilities we can engage in, short of war, believe me, that can help slow the program down, that we are just a little short of doing, I think. 
>> Do you think that bombing those key facilities, whether it's -- is that short of war, in your opinion, or would that spark a war? If we use one of those massive ordinance, penetrators, 30,000 ton bombs that can penetrate deep under the ground where you say they have been placing some of their facilities? 
>> Well, again, I would be cautious of -- short of war. I will say that -- 
>> so that's not -- that would be war. Okay. 
>> Well, in very targeted strikes, we use very targeted strikes against al qaeda. And so if it is a very targeted strike, many would argue that that is one -- that's short of war. And if it only seeks to go after their nuclear program, that is -- we're not talking about invasions or naval engagements or troops on the ground, none of that. And this has been used by other -- president clinton used this tactic. But there's also other things under that. I'm not saying that's -- that is the right answer. That is an option that I believe is short of war if it is very selective, very targeted, only to the nuclear program. And we do know, those -- that the iranians believe that there is a whole panoply of options. War and then these targeted strikes they don't see as -- wouldn't see as an act of war. 

[00:40:35]


>> All right. Chairman, thanks. Always good to talk to you. Appreciate your time. 
>>> And ahead, election day is exactly two weeks away. Can you believe it is nally here? And who wins who will likely come down to a few key states. How do candidates get to that crucial 270 electoral votes? And should that person win the presidency, even if he doesn't win the popular vote? 
>>> And six scientists have been sentenced to prison for failing to make a big prediction. Does the sentence add up? 
>>> And the new ipad, it is mini-sized. But is it maxi-priced?At make moms happy too. With wholesome noodles and bite sized chicken, nothing brings you together like chicken noodle soup from campbell's. It's amazing what soup can do. ] pro. Monarch of marketing analysis. With the ability to improve roi through seo all by cob. And you...Rent from national. Because only national lets you choose any car in the aisle... And go. You can even take a full-size or above, and still pay the mid-size price. I'm going b-i-g. 
[ Male Announcer ] GOOD CHOICE BUSINESS PRO. Good choice. Go national. Go like a pro. dreams. One is for a clean, domestic energy future that puts us in control. Our abundant natural gas is already saving us money, producing cleaner electricity, putting us to work here in america and supporting wind and solar. Though all energy development comes with some risk, we're committed to safely and responsibly producing natural gas. It's not a dream. America's natural gas... Putting us in control of our energy future, now. 

[00:44:23]


>>> Another big day for the apple army. The ipad mini is finally here, and apparently there are a few cracks in apple's famous wall of secrecy. Because almost all of the leaks turned out to be true. The new ipad is made of aluminum instead of plastic. It is as thin as a pencil, as light as a pad of paper, but still has a 7.9-inch screen. It does sound like we're talking about superman. Anyway, it's .9 inches more than the other tablets on the market. Apple explained why that makes it better. And all the reasons why the mini is the max. Which brings me to tonight's number, $329. That's the price of the cheapest version of the ipad mini. Now, it better be pretty maxy, because that price is $130 more than the $199 7-inch models offered by google and samsung and $170 more than the kindle fire. A number of analysts said apple would price their new mini at a significantly lower price to try to compete. But they didn't do it. Apparently, apple is confident the price will not be a sticking point fonsumers hungry for the new apple product, regardless of how it stacks up. And you know what? They could be right. Because in the past two-and-a-half years, apple has sold more than 100 million ipad's and 60% of the people who responded to our online survey said they would take a look at the mini. So what's your tablet of choice? Will you b the ipad mini, even at a maxi price? Let us know at cnn.Com/outfront. And now to our outer circle, sources around the world. And tonight we go to italy, where six scientists and a government official have been sentenced to prison time for failing to predict an earthquake that struck the laquila in 2009. The earthquake experts around the world, they're really appalled by this decision, because the scientists are going to prison for six years on manslaughter charges. Ben wedeman is in rome and i asked him how this happened. 

[00:46:29]


>> Reporter: What's behind this sentence, erin, is some very angry people in the italian town of laqulia who believed what the italian authorities said when they said there is no threat or risk of a major earthquake after a series of tremors hit that town. Instead, in the early morning hours of the 6th of april, a 6.3 strength earthquake hit that medieval town, killing more than 300 people, essentially destroying what was a town of 70,000 people. And the judge said, because of those incorrect forecasts, the scientists who made them must be punished. Erin? 
>> Thanks to ben wedeman. 
>>> The path to victory. Two polls out tonight in battleground states, nevada and new hampshire, and they show a statistical tie. And with just two weeks left, both campaigns have to make tough choices on what states to pursue. U know, to put all their ad money in, and the most precious thing they have, the time of their candidates, so they can rack up 270 electoral votes. The president leads at 237 to romney's 191. One state crucial to both campaigns is virginia, which is where we find our chief national correspondent, john king, tonight. And john, let's go through this from each side. First of all, what's the obama path to victory? 
>> Reporter:EL WITH, IF YOU Start, erin, 237 strong other leaning his way. Let's assume nothing else on the map changes. The president could get it just by camping out in the midwest. If he wins iowa, wisconsin and ohio, that's 34 right there. That would get him to 271. So that's the president's most obvious path. Get it out in the heartland in the midwest. Iowa, though, is a pretty close state. If the president can't get iowa, he'll have to look for a backup plan. He would probably look to the midwest. 

[00:48:40]


>> What about mitt romney? That seems to be more -- a more convoluted path at the least, right? 
>> Reporter: Well, it's harder, because he starts at 191, not 237. So simple math tells you, he's got a harder path to get there. Here's how he gets there. Number one, he needs the state of florida, 29 electoral votes there. He needs north carolina and most likely virginia, as well. If he does that, that gets him to 248. Florida, north carolina, virginia gets him to 248. Then add in th in ohio, no republican has won without it, that gets him to 266. At that point, governor romney could win any other state. Now, he still thinks iowa is in play for him. He thinks new hampshire where he has a vacation home might be in play. E republicans at the moment tied in nevada. So he has to do florida, virginia, north carolina, ohio. And one more from there. If he can't get virginia, this state is a toss-up state. Then he would have to cobble it together with say colorado and maybe wisconsin. But the most obvious path, they call it 3-2-1. Win the three republican states, indiana, which we think he has, north carolina, virginia, florida, ohio, and one more. 
>> All right. So is it possible, and when you talk to the campaigns, and the expert that you are yourself, is it possible for someone to win the popular vote in this case and lose the electoral? 
>> Yes. Ask george w. Bush and al gore. It is possible. It's only happened four times in the lifetime of our great republic. But it did happen 12 years ago. Al gore eeked out the edge in the prop lar vote but lost the presidency when george bush won florida and got the electoral votes. The statisticians says slightly more likely mitt romney could win the popular vote if president obama wins the electoral college. But mitt romney could win the pop lore vote and president obama in the electoral college. Is that possible? Yes. We need to be prepared if the election stays this close? A lot of lawyers involved the morning after. 

[00:50:42]


>> Yeah. Well, you know, first thing let's do, kill all the lawyers, right? Thanks to john king. 
>>> As john was talking about, the election does center on nine tossup states. You heard him going through the different paths to victory for each side here. But those states, well, you know what they show, maybe all voters are not created equal. New york, california and texas, they are three of the biggest states yet the candidates don't go to them except to raise money. Because well, we know who voters are going to cast their ballots for in those states. So shouldn't we reform the way we pick a president? John samples is director of the center for representative government at the cato institute. As you heard john king going through this, he said thon't think it's probable you could have one win the popular vote and the other win the electoral but it's possible, and obviously, it did happen with al gore. So I guess I struggle with this one because in my head I feel when there's a conflict between the two, shouldn't the will of the people, the popular vote, win? 
>> Well, in the constitution, and that's the rules of the game as we go in, there's another system established which is that the states have a role to play in all of this as well as population in each of the states. So going into it, both candidates and americans know what the rules are. So when the outcome comes, i don't think there's any great sense of unfairness. There is a larger question whether we should have a constitutional amendment to go to direct election, but I don't think we should do that with the idea that a lot of these states that are being neglected now are over the long term, going to get a lot more attention. A recent study showed over the last 50 years that only 40% of the states would get more attention if we had been under direct election since about 1950 or so. So there's not a really -- remember, things change over time and I suspect that actually the changes we think would happen in the states that are neglected now would also be neglected or might get more attention in the future. There's no clear majority among the states for moving to direct election. 
>> Let me ask you this question. Because there was a gallup poll, 62% of americans said, this was a poll from last year, said they want to replace the electoral system with a popular vote. I understand you've got -- you're hesitant to do that. Let me just ask you this. If you live in texas and you vote democrat and the presidential election, you may feel your vote doesn't matter, why bother. In the same way you might feel if you're a republican in the state of california. So that's why people feel that way. Is there a reform that would adjust for that or you think it doesn't make sense? 

[00:53:01]


>> You have to remember that what we're talking about here is not caused by the constitutional way of electing the president, so-called electoral college. It's because the state legislatures, almost all of them, use what is called the winner take all system. That is the reason that republicans don't get electoral votes in california and vice versa for democrats in texas is because those state legislatures have decided to award all the electoral votes to the person who gets the most electoral votes. It's nothing about the constitution. The state legislatures if they wanted to hear their voters, they could change this if they wanted to but only two have done so. 
>> All right. Just one final question, i ess. The reality of this would be people would have to accept, i know right now it's republicans who think mitt romney could win the popular, lose the electoral. If they think that's unfair, they would have to say look, they would have supported al gore for president, right? 
>> That's correct. Both sides have to understand going in that that's the way it is. I think they would and I think there was a lot of bitterness about george w. Bush but I'm not so sure it wasn't about what happened during his administration as much as the electi itself. 
>> Thanks very much. Good to talk to you, sir. We appreciate it. John has a great article, "leave the electoral college intact." It's a very interesting op-ed for those interested in this topic. 
>>> Next, horses and bayonets got a lot of action last night. A lot of action. But voters were searching for another word during the debate that's very important to "OUTFRONT."t. So you see everything the way it's meant to be seen. Experience life well lit, ask for Transitions adaptive lenses. ?????? ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] At Yoplait, we want you to feel even better about your favorite flavors. So when you call, tweet, and post, we listen. That's why Yoplait Light and Yoplait Original are now made with no high fructose corn syrup. And why we use only natural colors and natural flavors in Yoplait Original. So, anything else we can do for you, let us know. But you'll keep it to yogurt, right? 'Cause we shouldn't really help with your love life. Yoplait. It is so good! is work. And his new boss told him two things -- cook what you love, and save your money. Joe doesn't know it yet, but he'll work his way up from busser to waiter to chef before opening a restaurant specializing in fish and game from the great northwest. He'll start investing early, he'll find some good people to help g him, and he'll set money aside from his first day of work to his last, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. 

[00:58:17]


>>> President obama and governor romney covered a lot of ground at last night's foreign policy debate but there were a few moments that really resonated with viewers. During the debate, cnn monitored the most popular google trends of the night to determine the lines, the ideas, the moments voters care about most and the top five searches of the night in order were horses and bayonets, syria, mali, drones and tumult. Seriously, a lot of people googled horses and bayonets and we don't know why. Thankfully it wasn't just wordplay people latched on to. People took the time to learn more about the problems in syria and the obama administration's use of drones. Both are important issues but something else we were very happy to see. A lot of people wanted to learn more about the crisis in mali. We have covered the story a lot on the show. In july we went to the country's border to report on what amnesty international calls the largest human rights violation of the past 50 years. The crisis there sometimes gets ignored and I was happy to see it get air time that it deserves during last night's national debate. 
>> Mali has been taken over, the northern part of mali, by al qaeda type individuals. 
>> Governor romney mentioned mali not once, not twice, not three times, but four times. And you know, mali isn't just a 
>>> tonight, the home stretch. No more binders, no more 

﻿Title: First Look
Description: The day's live news coverage.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 6/18/2003
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

N their foreign policy back. 
>> Who won, who lost and did the final debate help undecided voters decide? 
>>> Bill and hillary clinton visit haiti together to assess progress only to reveal a deeply personal connection. We'll explain. 
>>> And the most affordable cities to live in the united states. Is yours one of them? 
>>> Good morning. I'm lynn berry. After the third debate between president obama and republican nominee mitt romney, there are just 14 days left before american voters choose their next president. According to a cbs news instant polls on uncommitted voters, president obama was a clear 2-1 victor with 53% saying he won. Governor romney got 23%. 24% called it a tie. A cnn orc international poll called the debate closer, with 48% saying obama won while 40% picked obama. For more we go to nbc's steve handlesman who's in florida for us. Steve, good morning. 
>> Reporter: Hi, lynn. Thanks. Good morning from boca raton, florida. The debate here last night was clearly the most combative so far. Though surprising to some, not on the issue of libya. Mitt romney was able to make his larger point, his claim that america is weaker now overseas than it was four years ago. Mitt romney and barack obama came to their third and final debate tied in national polls, but their tv audience seemed sure to be smaller. Baseball's national league playoffs and monday night football got millions of viewers who missed the off on muslim extremists. 

[00:02:02]


>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. We can't kill our way out of this. 
>> Governor romney, I'm glad you recognize al qaeda is a threat. Because a few months ago when you were asked what is the biggest geopolitical threat, you said russia. What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership, not wrong and reckless leadership. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. I have clear eyes on this. I'm not going to wear rose-colored glasses when it comes to russia or mr. Putin. 
>> Reporter: What about iran? 
>> Now there are000 centrifuges spinning uranium making a threat to the united states and the world. That's unacceptable for us. It's essential for a president to show strength. 
>> Mr. Obama said he has. 
>> We've put in the toughest, most crippling sanctions ever. 
>> They do work. You're seeing it in the economy. 
>> The disagreement I have with governor romney is that during the course of this campaign he's often talked as if we should take premature military action. 
>> Of course military action is the last resort. 
>> Reporter: They touched on economic issues. 
>> I will get america working. 
>> Reporter: President obama recycling an attack. 
>> Both home and abroad he has proposed wrong and reckless policies. 
>> Reporter: Their final face to face. The election two weeks ago. Again, this race looks tied. Both sides agree, nothing, no one single thing is more likely to effect the outcome of this campaign than this debate. In boca raton, florida, I'm steve handlesman, nbc news. Lynn, back to you. 
>>> Steve, thanks. Nbc's andrea mitchell has been leading our post debate truth squad. Last night with brian williams, she zeroed in on one of mitt romney's most frequent attack lines on the president. 
>> Then the president began what I've called an apology tour going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they looked at that and saw weakness. 
>> Bob, let me just respond. Nothing governor romney just said is true starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. 

[00:04:12]


>> Reporter: The president pushes back hard on this. In fact, he neveused the word apologize when he went overseas to cairo in 2009 explaining that he thought the u.S. Had made a few mistakes in dealing with the world. Many consider it a matter of diplomacy, a matter of nuance. Romney points to several examples including when president obama said in 2009 that, quote, america has shown some arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive. Romney claims that shows weakness which is harmful to the u.S. Place in the world. 
>> Governor romney has charged repeatedly that the president hasn't been as close a friend or ally as he could or should be. Let's take a look at this. 
>> And I think that when the president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and israel, that they noticed that as well. All of these things suggested, i think, to the iranian mullahs, hey, we can keep pushing along here, we can keep talks going on but we're just going to keep on spinning centrifuges. 
>> There's never been any proof that the president said that. The only source for this is an article in the "washington post" by scott wilson who said -- wrote that the president said this in a meeting with the leaders of many jewish organizaons. 
>> That was nbc's andrea mitchell. 
>>> A note for you, this week brian williams will be going on e road for an exclusive interview with president obama which you will see on "today," "nightly news" and ""rock center"" as well as here on nbc. 
>>> Here's a look at other stories making news in america. We'll begin with new developments surrounding jesse jackson jr.'S battle with his bipolar disorder. The illinois congressman is said to be in a fragile state while still running for re-election. Davis and rush visited him in his washington, d.C., Home. They said he had surprising sharpness and they acknowledged he needed continued treatment. Jackson is headed back to t mayo clinic for further in-patient care. 

[00:06:18]


>>> Philadelphia firefighters were left scratching their head after a tire crashed through a home. It seemed the whole in the roof was caused by a tire from an airplane. The officials learned that it came from a truck which collided by a car on the expressway. And finally a group of divers received some inspiration from the election coming up. They carved out faces of mitt romney and barack obama. I think snoopy would like to stay out of politics for a while. Now for a look for the day ahead, we turn to meteorologist bill karins with the weather forecast. Good morning. 
>> Good morning. 
>> Sandy. Get used to that name sandy. 
>> Yes. Watching that. 
>> It's a tropical storm, far away from the united states at this moment. But a lot of questions of where the final outcome of sandy will be. We had a quiet month of october in the tropics, at leas as far as land threats have gone. This will move across jamaica, cuba, most likely as a hurricane tomorrow and thursday. Then it will be near the bahamas on friday. That's close enough to florida that it has our atone shun. It's far enough down in the warm waters of the caribbean, well away from the chilly air of the united states right now. So the warm waters will allow it to develop into a hurricane, crossing jamaica, cuba, over the bahamas on friday. At this point the hurricane center thinks it will go north-northeast, all the rain and wind offshore. The question is what happens when it goes to bermuda? Will it go out to sea or get sucked up towards the canadian maritimes or the northeast? It will be a delicate dance to see what happens with sandy come this time next week. Otherwise out there just some areas of rain. One moving across new york state, from buffalo to syracuse. The other near missouri. That will be heading up towards chicago for the morning commute. I'll talk more about the rainy weather forecast coming up later. 

[00:08:32]


>>> Bill and hillary to haiti, and iran's president on the outs? Headlines are straight ahead. 
>>> And the fda investigating deaths that may be associated with monster energy drink. You are watching "first look" on msnbc. have need? At legalzoom, we've created a better place to turn for your legal matters. Maybe you want to incorporate a business you'd like to start. Or protect your family with a will or living trust. Legalzoom makes it easy with step-by-step help when completing your personalized document 
-- or you can even access an attorney to guide you along. With an "a" rating from the better business bureau legalzoom helps you get personalized and affordable legal protection. In most states, a legal plan attorney is available with every personalized docent to answer any questions. Get started at legalzoom.Com today. And now you're protected. look toys. Insuring that stuff must be a pain. Nah, he's probably got... 
[ Dennis' voice ] Allstate. They can bundle all your policies together. Lot of paperwork. Actually... 
[ Dennis' voice ] AN Allstate AGENT Can help do the switching and paperwork for you. Well, it probably costs a lot. 
[ Dennis' voice ] Allstate CAN SAVE YOU Up to 30% more when you bundle. Well, his dog's stupid. 
[ Dennis' voice ] POODLES ARE ONE OF THE World's smartest breeds. ?????? ?????? BUNDLE AND SAVE WITH AN Allstate AGENT. Are you in good hands? bank. Why they have a raise your rate cd. Tonir guest, thas sargent. Nobel laureate in economics, and one of the most cited economists in the world. Professor sargent, can you tell me what cd rates will be in two years? No. If he can't, no one can. That's why ally has a raise your rate cd. Ally bank. Your moneyeeds an ally. Been shopping so smart, cash back with your freedom card getting cash back on what? Close shave and haircu fan for the ceiling. You're gonna cool off that hoooounddd! Tonight you gotta get your cash back, on new slacks. Use freedom on lunch with jack. Everybody get! Everybody get! Get your cash back. Chase freedom. things, trying to find a better job can be frustrating. So at University of Phoenix we're working with a growing list of almost two thousand corporate partners 

[00:11:17]


- companies like Microsoft, American Red Cross and Adobe - to create options for you. Not only that, we're using what we learn from these partners to shape our curriculum. So that when you find the job you want you'll be a perfect fit. Let's get to work. 
>>> Some stories making news this morning. Former president bill clinton and secretary of state hillary clinton led a star studded event in haiti to inaugurate a $300 million industrial park. During her speech secretary clinton revealed her and her husband's deep connection to that country. 
>> We came here for the first time together just after we were married and fell in love with haiti and have just celebrated our 37th wedding anniversary, which is exhausting to think about. 
>>> Iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad is blasting his country's judiciary for rejecting requests to visit his mediadviser in prison. 
>>> And an italian court has convicted seven scientists and experts of manslaughter for failing to warn residents of a 2009 earthquake that killed more than 300 people in central italy. The defense argued there's no reliable way of pricting quakes. They each face six years in prison. 
>>> Here's your "first look" at this morning's dish of scrambled politics. The debate is over. Let the spin begin. 
>> Mitt romney came across as reasonable, thoughtful, serious, presidential. 
>> I think that mitt romney came in the last debate a bully. The bully got beat. 
>> Talking about changing policies it was president obama's administration that fought tooth and nail to delay the sanctions he's brag being today. 

[00:13:26]


>> Mitt romney tried to find a new foreign policy which is the president's foreign policy. 
>> I thought one of the governor's strongest moments when he turned to obama and said, mr. President, america has not dictated other nations. America has freed other nations from dictators. 
>> We think mitt romney has been reckless, I don't think he looked very strong tonight. We think he looked unsteadiment. 
>> President obama looked like a frustrated politician who feels -- who feels like he's losing momentum. That was the image we saw. 
>> The contrast tonight you saw between strong and steady president, and an uncertain romney who can't decide what his position is on iraq, what his position is on afghanistan. Doesn't have a vision for where he wants to take the country. 
>>> It was the phrase horses and bayonets that was the number one search on google during the debate and has been trending on twitter. It comes from this zinger by president obama on defense cuts. You mentioned the navy, for example. We have fewer ships than 1916. Governor, we are also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
>> Senator john kerry tweeted this, wasn't joking when I said I needed an exorcism post-debate tonight after month placing mitt romney. As for the man playing president? 
>> I'm kind of glad this is our last debate. Though I have enjoyed working with mitt romney. >>Elodeon asked kids who would win, and they picked president obama by 60%. 
>> Paul ryan went back to his school days in ohio to call the speaker something most republicans never would. 
>> Hey, it's nice to see john boner here today, isn't it? It's a true story. When I was putting up yard signs as a young guy in college, I had no idea how to pronounce his name. 

[00:15:39]


>> All right. You know how that song goes, this land is your land, this land is my land. Next month avoters will decide if the grand canyon should belong to all americans or just arizonans. 
>> Last night, this picture was tweeted out. Take a look. Yen. That's what they did they swapped out hair-dos. Thankfully just online. That's your morning dish of scrambled politics. Now here's a look at how wall street will beginn this tuesday. The dow closed at 13,345 after adding two points yesterday. The s&p was up a fraction. The nasdaq gained 11. Looking at overseas trading n tokyo the nikkei was up three points. Call it high-tech tuesday. Up first, the markets react to yahoo!'S encouraging earnings after the bell. Next, apple will be front and center before, during, and after its much behind ipad mini event. Then after the bell, facebook's second earnings report as a public company. 
>>> Elsewhere, despite signs of life from the housing market, realty track's new election 2012 report finds 65% of local housing markets nationwide are worse off than four years ago. 
>>> More sobering data comes to us from the pew center which finds 35 to 44-year-olds are the most worried about retirement. That is a stark contrast from just three years ago when generation x was the least concerned about retirement funds. 
>>> A new study ranks the nation's capital as the most affordable u.S. City. The study factors housing and transportation costs agaosst median income. Baltimore, philadelphia, minneapolis, and boston rounded out the top five. 
>>> In health news, is there a link between monster energy drinks and the deaths of five people? Well, that's what the food & drug adminision wants to know. They're launching an investigation into claims against the highly caffeinated drink. The company is also being sued by the family ofyear-old girl who had a heart attack after drinking monster energy two 24 ounce drinks in 24 hours. A spokesperson for monster said they don't believe their products caud any deaths. 

[00:18:01]


>>> Coming up next, the champions of the national league are headed to the world series. 
>>> Plus a painful body slam sack on monday night football. Your sports is straight ahead. You're watching "first look" on msnbc. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. 

[00:20:46]


>>> In sports, we'll start with baseball and game seven of the national league championship series. It was a very one-sided game as san francisco pounded out hit after hit against st. Louis. Run after run, as they shut out the cards 9-0. The end of the game was played in pouring rain. 
>> That should end it. And who else? Scutaro. And the giants have won the pennant. 
>> That didn't dampen any celebrating there. Game one of the 101 series starts tomorrow night. Starting pitchers are barry zito for the giants, and justin verlander for the tigers. 
>>> Lions, tigers and bears. Brandon marshall with a 7-yard touchdown pass. In the second quarter, cutler got sacked in what looked more like a wwe body slam. That's going to leave a mark. He returned and the bears held on to beat the lions, 13-7. 
>>> Cyclist lance armstrong has officially been stripped of THOSE SEVEN tour de Fra titles. Now aexas company that paid armstrong $1 million for winning those titles is threatening a lawsuit to get that money back. Father of five amazing kids, SEVEN-TIME tour de France winner, full time cancer fighter, part-time tri athlete was his twitter handle. Today he changed it to raising my five kids, fighting cancer, swim, bike, run and golf whenever I can. 
>>> And this was a european basketball game. Fans charged onto the court. They were throwing chairs, flares and other things at rival flares. Police in riot gear had to rush in. They made arrests while the players retreated to the locker room. They waited for the scene to calm down there. By the way, the team whose fans started the chaos, still lost the game. Lesson learned, I hope. 

[00:22:53]


>>> For another look at the weather, let's go to bill karins. 
>> I bring road flairs with me to basketball games. 
>> Why not? 
>> Things a little different over there. Bring the umbrella with you. Rainy weather, interstate 90, new york state thruway, buffalo to rochester. We'll track that rain today through central new york, albany, later today hartford and possibly areas around new york city could deal with showers. Elsewhere, thunderstorms around chicago this morning that we could get airport delays. 
>> Thank you very much. 
>>> Christine that aguilera's new robust offer. Entertainment is straight ahead. obstacles military families face, we understand. At usaa, we know military life is different. We've been there. That's why every bit of financial advice we offer is geared specifically to current and former military members and their families. 
[ laughs ] Dad!Dad! 
[ applause ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] LIFE BRINGS OBSTACLES. Usaa brings advice. Call or visit us online. We're ready to help. tell is? Every room deserves to look great. And every footstep should tell us we made the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, softest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all special order carpet. Been shopping so smart, cash back with your freedom card getting cash back on what? Close shave and haircut fan for the ceiling. You're gonna cool off that hoooounddd! Tonight you gotta get your cash back, on new slacks. Use freedom on lunch with jack. Everybody get! Everybody get! Get your cash back. Chase freedom. 

[00:26:57]


>>> Today donald trump -- did you hear about this? 
>> No. 
>> Trump came back. He said he has a very big announcement about president obama that could cost him the election. Yep. He's going to endorse him. We'll see. 
>> That trumpy. 
>> I like trumpy. 
>> #Trumpy. It's time for entertainment news. ellen DeGeneres has received the nation's highest humor prize. Last night she was presented with the mark twain prize of american humor and excitement. She was praised as a pioneering female comic whose edgy variety show has helped define daytime television in recent years. 
>>> There are reports jessica biel ditched the traditional white wedding dress for her vows with just continue timberlake friday and went with a nontraditional pink and white gown from an italian designer. 
>> Does that offend some people? 
>> Yeah. 
>> We need to see the dress. 
>> We'll work on that for you. 
>>> Plus, tmz reports a plus size dating site has offered singer and coach of "the voice" christina aguilera $3 million to be their spokesperson. Aguilera told "people" magazine she embraces her body and accepts herself, but whether she will take that offer remains to be seen. Plus size? Come on. 
>> She can't do anything wrong. She has a new song out that's a hit. 
>> There you go. I'm lynn berry. This is "first look" on msnbc. Stay tuned. "Way too early" with willie geist starts right now. 
>>> Whate need do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership. Not wrong and(reckless leadership that is all over the map. Unfortunately that's the kind of opinions that you offered throughout this campaign. And it is not a recipe for american strength. 

[00:29:07]


>> I look around the world. I don't see our influence growing around the world. I see our influence receding. In part because of the failure of the president to deal with our economic challenges at home. In part because of our withdrawal from our commitment to our military and the way i think it ought to be. In part because of the -- the turmoil with israel. 
>> President obama and mitt romney together on stage for one last time before one of them is elected. After nearly a year and a half of campaigning, it's two weeks to election day and it's "way too early." 
>>> Welcome back to boca raton, florida. The morning after a debate here that saw president obama on 

﻿Title: Fox 29 News at 6PM
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/6/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

??????. And prayers go out to her parents, her family. It's my hope that the arrest today provide a measure of closure that the individuals sponsible for their daughter's death will be held accountable. 
>> Reporter: Very devastating indeed. Autumn pasquale went missing on saturday. She went for a bike ride. Road to her friend's house but never made it. Her parents found out. Called police around 9:30 saturday night. A full scale search effort was launched with about 200 officers from local, state and federal agencies, even the fbi getting involvedn this case and tragic ally it is ended this way. But this case is certainly far from over. Live tonight in clayton, dave kinchen, "fox 29 news". 
>> Another difficult day for so many. Dave, thank you. 
>>> Our dave schratwieser streaming live in woodbury where those brothers turned themselves in today. Dave? 
>> Reporter: Thomas, only "fox 29" was here as those two brothers, their lawyer and family members showed up here at the prosecutor's office. They were in handcuffs in a matter of minutes. Tonight they are being held in a juvenile detention center charged as juveniles with first degree murde conspiracy and other charges that you heard dave kinchen talk about a few minutes ago. But we also spent our day in clayton talking to folks down there. It was a day of sorrow. This was the scene at the gloucester county prosecutor's office as two teenage brothers, family members an lawyer arrived just afternoon. Only to be led away minutes later in handcuffs to be charged in the death of 12 year old us a tum pasquale. 
>> Across the street from my house. 
>> How did you react? 
>> Scared. It's devastating much it's unnerving. 
>> It's scary to thinking who, why and what could have been so bad or -- it's just awful. 
>> Reporter: As the surrender was underway, crime scene inveigators were crawling all over this home on east clayton avenue just a few blocks from autumn's home and police headquarters. Investigators left with a white bmx bike, similar to the one ridden by autumn when she left her home saturday. Her disappearance touched off a massive search of the area and spread fear. 

[00:02:13]


>> I'm even scaring to myself out with my kids around the block. 
>> Reporter: Family members arved to place teddy bares in the yard at the home where autumn's body was found in a recycling bin like this. It had been placed at the curb for pick up. As they began this make shift memorial, neighbors and friends mourned the loss of the young girl. 
>> You think never in your town. Never this close to home, and it's scary. 
>> She was an angel here on earth. And she's an angel up in heaven. 
>> Reporter: Neighbors who know the family that lives here say their several sons ranging from 15 into their 20s. At least one a 15 year old liked bikes. 
>> Out of evilev will come good -- goodness. Goodness conquers evil. 
>> Reporter: Now defense attorney jeff wintner who works with the public defender defenders' office here in gloucester county confirmed for me they are representing the two teenaged boys. He would not comment other than to say and confirm that juvenile complaints have been filed against them. He expects a hearing possibly a bail hearing, a waiver hearing to wave them up possibly for adult charges as westerlily friday. That remains open at this hour. The prosecutor did say today he may choose to do that. That it's still under discussion at this office. We'll have much more on this tonight on the 10:00 o'clock news. Live in woodbury, dave schratwieser, "fox 29 news". 
>> Dave, thank you. 
>>> Our "fox 29" facebook fans are leaving their thoughts and prayers. Stacey wrote, what is this world coming to? Heartbreaking. 
>>> And dwayne posted, this is so sad. As I get older, I understand why lots of parents are over protecting their kids. You can leave your condolences as well. 
>> Meanwhile parents in montgomery county are waiting to hear word about their baby taken right from their home. 
>>> Amber alert is in effect for 10 month old saavni venna taken more than 24 hours ago. "Fox 29"'s stephanie salvatore live at the upper merion police department with more. Stephanie. 
>> Reporter: Thomas, nearly a dozen relatives have been in and out of the upper merion police station all day. All hoping for a break in this case. So far, police have not had any tips. Nothe police -- excuse me the family says they're truly devastated by this whole situation. But they are holding out hope for their little girl's safe return. Amber alert is still in effect for 10 month old saavni venna the little girl abducted from her family's apartment on monday. Upper merion police say that between 8:00 a.M. And noon on monday, someone broke into a sixth floor residence at the marquis apartments in king of prussia. They killed the 61 year old grandmother who had been babysitting the toddler. And then took saavni. 

[00:04:51]


>> Currently the upper merion township police, montgomery county detective bureau and the federal bureau of investigation are working together trying to locate and secure the safe return of saavni venna. 
>> An investigator moved several bags of evidence from the upper merion police station tuesday afternoon. Relatives devastated by this act of violence stayed close by and pleaded to the public for their help. 
>>> Please call the police if you have any information that can help locating saavni. All the family is grieving. My mother's tragic death and praying for the safe return of my niece satisfy snow. 
>> The girl's mother and father had been trying to conceive for years before having saavni and it only moved to the area six months ago. 
>> If someone finds my baby could you please bring my baby back. Don't do any harm to the baby. Public, please, please, help me in this murder. 
>> Reporter: We are told that relatives saavni's mother and father had been here at the police station since last night. They're said to be very distraught by the news but they do hope to find their little girl soon. If you do have any information leading to her whereabouts you're asked to call police. Live in upper merion, stephanie salvatore "fox 29 news". 
>> Stephanie, thank you. Philadelphia police officer is recovering after being hit by a car. He was investigate a suspicious car in the parking lot of mcdonald's on tell chen avenue and the driver took off in reverse, dragging the officer to the ground. The officer is in the hospital in good condition. The driver who hit him is under arrest. 
>> The road is finally patched up after a massive water main break sent water gushing at 21 and bainbridge streets in south philadelphia back in july. The damage left behind a gaping hole that compromised nearby homes. 
>> So today mayor mikail nutter and other officials reopened the intersecti. It took three months of heavy construction work and the cooperation of all the major utility companies. 
>> The couple in this car came just inches away from serious injury maybe even death. Fir told you yesterday how a tractor trailer tire broke off the back of I wasn't 18 wheeler and slammed into his honda civic on the schuylkill expressway. Well soon to be parents in that car spoke to our bruce gordon today. He's live in the newsroom with the story. Bruce? 

[00:07:01]


>> Reporter: Amazing story at that. Lee and his seven month pregnant partner I an peck moved to our area from south korea last year. He was driving her to an english language class yesterday morning before heading off to work himself when a flying tire and rim assembly from a big rig came out of nowhere. When we arrived at their tidy home in media, we found them looking at the story of their near death experience on myfoxphilly.Com. And shaking their heads in disbelief. 
>> It was miserable experience. 
>> Reporter: He said he can understand why some thought the tire and r might have fallen off an airplane that came from the sky without warning. Smashing the passenger side hood of their honda civic before rolling up and shattering the windshield right in front of his pregnant partner. 
>> At this moment I was crying. I thought I could have died. 
>> Reporter: The windshield glass shattered all over your body. 
>> And into my mouth. Yeah. It was horrible. The seat belt was tightened so i felt the pain on my belly so i really worried about my baby. 
>> Reporter: The couple survived without a scratch but she was rush to the hospital of the university of pennsylvania to be check out. All is well with their unborn son. 
>> Miracle family. 
>> Reporter:HEIR LITTLE MIRACLE IS DUE JANUARY 17th. 
>> What's the korean word for good luck? Or good fortune? 
>> Hang on. 
>> Keep those names in mind for your son. 
>>> Yes, sure. 
>> Reporter: I thought it was a good idea. He tells me the rest of their respective filies still live in south korea and they have to plans to tell them about this near fatal accident. No sense in worrying the folks back home. Live in the newsroom, bruce gordon "fox 29 news". 
>> Good luck and blessings indeed. 

[00:09:03]


>>> Bruce, thank you. 
>> Over to montgomery county now, peco is hoping to restore power to the area near west main street in barbados over in norristown by tonight. Officials say contractors are doing work in that area this morning when they hit some peco equipment. It caused a fire at a dunkin' donuts and peco decided to shut off power to about 25 customers so they could safely make repairs. An employee at that dunkin' donuts was injured when she tried to put that fe out. 
>> Her husband died protecting the community he loved. Next, how his fire department brothers work to pay back that selflessness. Howard? 
>>> I'm here at a busy sheraton society hill. It's in honor of a former eagles trainer. Coming up, we will talk to ron jaworski and he will tell us what he thinks is wrong with michael vick. We'll be back in sports. ???????????? 
>> and coming up the weather authority is keeping tabs on a tropical storm. Its named sandy. Right now it's in the caribbean. It is expected to move a little farther to the north. Find out how it could impact our weather. That's coming up. 
>> Looking ahead to the "fox 29 news" at 10. Heading out into the great unknown. We'll show you the new travel trend that has vacationers packing their bags without know 

[00:13:23]


>> fast food giant taco bell awarded scholarships to several local teens today. It was all part of the graduating to program which benefits high school students from under served communities. The awards prepped at lasalle university range from 1,000 to $5,000. 
>>> Philadelphia city leaders say early childhood education may be the way to help prevent violence later in life. A new report from the non-profit fight crime invest in kids found that high-quality education can help at risk children succeed and that reduces the likelihood that they'll turn to crime later in life. The report says early childhood education sets the foundation for success in school. 
>> The number one thing people have in common that get arrested in philadelphia is that they didn't finish high school. 
>> The report also says quality early childhood education in pennsylvania is lacking and the state needs to invest in it further. 
>> This fire engulfed a kensington warehouse earlier this year. Take the lives of two philadelphia firefighters. Well today amazing show of support for the widow of one of those firefighters. 
>> Six months after her husband passed diane neary made a simple request that was quickly answer ed. 
>> On her fall afternoon diane neary is seen just how close a family can be. 
>> It's all just love. 
>> A brotherhood of firefighters who have always lived by a simple creed. 
>> Neighbor who needs help, you take care of them. 
>> That's exactly what this extended family has been doing. 
>> Six months ago, diane was struck with tragedy when her husband robert was one of two firefighters who was killed battling a warehouse fire in kensington. 
>> I know my husband is not with me any more. I have this wonderful new family that is here to take care of me whenever I'm having any problems 
>>> and that love was reinforced just last week. Diane had made a simple request. Reaching out to higher firefighters to help with minor fixes around the house. 
>> We had I think within a few hours 30 firemen that had volunteered their time. 

[00:15:23]


>>> Not just time but services. Over the course of two days, firefighter after firefighter had pulled up with tools in hand letting diane know she will never be alone. 
>> They're here out of the goodness of their heart, out the love of just buying a fireman. 
>> If the roles were reverted, we know bob would be out here helping my wife down the street or going across the city so just trying to take care of each other. 
>> I want the people of philadelphia to know that as long as these men are upheld with respect, they will continue to show this love. Not only for me as part of the extended family but for the people of philadelphia. 
>>> Real sal family. Once again nearly 30 firefighters have donated their time, money and resources over the week diane neary has received a new driveway, new fence, had a tree removed and will receive new carpeting. 
>> Join the "fox 29" team this saturday for the leukemia and lymphoma society's light the night walk. Festivities begin at 4:30 at the philadelphia art museum. The walkstarts at 6:30. You can find out more information in the family focus section of myfoxphilly p.M..Com. 
>> A cloudy afternoon for a walk along south street. We're hearing about a few showers around the area. Scott williams joining us again much what's this about. 
>>> That's right, thomas. Most of the shower activity remains well to our north. So most of us will stay dry throughout the balance of the evening. We have been tracking occasional clouds moving through the region , but you can see the bulk of the showers well to our north right now. So we have those umbrellas likely you can just keep them handy, but you likely won't need them either. Now, as far as the temperatures this morning we saw 50 degrees and this afternoon, yeah, we saw some breaks in the clouds, some sunshine, warping temperatures into the low 70s. 71 degrees was the high. Right now in philadelphia it's currently 70 degrees. We have 68 in wilmington, and take a look at millville and dover. Both reporting 67 degrees. It's a little cooler right now. In allentown and mount pocono roaring temperatures in the 50s. So for tonight, 58 degrees in the city. We're looking at 54 degrees in the suburbs. Some clouds around and once again that isolateed shower threat mainly to the north. For tomorrow, similar to today. We'll find some cloud cover and also find some sunshine. So partly sun to mostly cloudy but 74 degrees for the high tomorrow. And we can't rule out an early shower chance mainly north as that boundary istill pretty much overhead. Now, as we leave the philadelphia area and head to the tropics, things are heating up. We have tropical depression 19 but we also have tropical storm sandy. That's in the caribbean. Right now maximum sustained winds are at 50 miles an hour. It's picking up some speed moving to the north right now. Likely impacting jamaica as a hurricane and then eventually moving through cuba and toward the bahamas. Most of the computer models now are turning it away from the immediate eastern seaboard. However, it could interact with a cold front that is expected to head our way by the latter part of the weekend and we could see some impacts especially down the shore. We'll talk about that in just a few moments. Computer models take it to the north. Most of them turn it back out to sea. So still some time to watch this. But we do know we will be watching a trough pattern. This will bring a cold front our way. Some showers expected along that frontal boundary as sandy moves a little farther to the north. Likely to lose its tropical characteristics and take on more of an extra tropical feature, but nonetheless, we're talking about a broad circulation, a broad wind feel as well so still monitoring the second half of the weekend into early next week. If it stays a little closer to the coast, we'll have considerable impacts, but if it moves a little farther out to sea, that will certainly be better news. So here is the worst case scenario. Late in the weekend into early neck week we could find some damaging winds, some heavy rain. Coastal flooding and beach erosion could be a problem and possible river flooding. That is the worst case scenario and if that storm parallels the eastern seaboard a little more as opposed to giving out to sea. So as we take look at the forecast over the neck several days, pretty nice, comfortable. Temperatures above average tomorrow 4 degrees. 70 on thursday. Still watching the second half of the weekend into early next week. For potential impacts from sandy. So we still have some time to watch it, but nonetheless, we do know that we will likely find rough surf in the days to come. 

[00:20:12]


>> All right. I know you'll be tracking it very closely much appreciate it. 
>>> Our howard eskin live out in society hill tonight. What's going on, howard? 
>> Well, I had a chance to talk to ron jaworski about what his advice would be for michael vick. That's com I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. "I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message." "I'll protect Social Security and Medicare." C'mon Tom Smith. It's time to shoot straight. Tom Smith is the millionaire Tea Party founder who supports a radical budget... ...that would cut Social Security benefits by nearly 40 percent... ...and end Medicare in two years...even for current recipients. Why? To give big tax breaks to millionaires like himself. Tom Smith. Extremely wrong for Pennsylvania. ???????????? 

[00:24:13]


>> I'm here live at sheraton society hill hotel. It's a dinner in honor of former eagles trainer davis. And the eagles are not where they should be. We know that. They're three and three. I had a chance to talk to and quarterback -- a quarterback expert, ron jaworski about what his advice would be for michael vick. 
>>> Whenever there's any danger of losing the football, via a full building or interception, don't take the risk. Be careful with the football. 
>> He holds the ball too long, doesn't he? 
>>> At times, yes. At times, yes. There's no question about it. I've timed all the drops of all the quarterbacks and michael is the only quarterback nfl that comes out over three seconds from snap to release of the football. Yes, that area has to be picked up as does the play calling. 
>> All right. If you're the head coach of the eagles, what do you do with this football team? 
>>> As much as I love the passing game, I believe balance in today's nfl really is the key particularly when you've got a good defense like the eagles have right now. I don't think they need to be a throw ball football team. 
>> Wait a minute. They have a good defense yet they fired the defensive coordinator. How did that happen? 
>>> I think from a personnel standpoint this defense is playing well. When I played for dick vermeil he said a very good way to valley a defense is to look at the quarterback rating against that defense. As of this morning, the eagles rating was the third best defensely or the third worst if you're a quarterback playing against that defense. Statistically that defense has been very good against quarterbacks. 
>> All right. Well, we'll see. They'll win on sunday, right? 
>>> They'll win on sunday. Yeah, they will beat atlanta on sunday. 
>> All right. We'll talk about that on "fox 29" "game day live" on sunday at 11:00. Eagles falcons right here on "fox 29". And to you guys, from the vermei vinyards in nappa, maybe I'll see you at 10:00 o'clock tonight. 
>>> That's not fair. Cut away from that guy. 
>> All right, howard. See you tonight at 10. We'll see you at 10 as well. Be safe. ???????????? 

﻿Title: FOX 29 News at Five
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 1/22/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Ifcult day. Only "fox 29" was there as the two teenaged brothers now charged with a young girl's murder surrendered to police. Prosecutors say they killed 12 year old autumn pasquale and put her body in a recycling bin outside a clayton, new jersey, home all over a bicycle. "Fox 29"'s dave schratwieser was there as the investigation unfolded today. But we start with our dave kinchen live in clayton that's where the prosecutor wrapped up a press conference in the last 30 minutes. Dave? 
>> Reporter: Thomas, there are chilling developments in this case. The murder case of 12 year old autumn pasquale. Two teens 17 and 15 arrested and charged with numerous counts including murder, disposing of a body, theft and truss pass. Conspiracy as well. Now, let's take a look at that exclusive video of those teens going in to court. Prosecutors sean daulton says that one of the brothers lured pasquale to their house on east clayton street. The prosecutor says to get parts relateed to her bmx bike to trade parts on bikes. Now, he says that at some point she was then strangled and suffered blunt force trauma. Her body dumped into a recycling container and what the parents of the teens actually caught wind of something going terribly wrong according to a facebook post that's when the mother contacted police and that is when they eventually found the teens and the body as well. Now, autumn went missing you may recall saturday just afternoon. She went for a bike ride and sent is text message to her parents but that text message did not contain anything out of the ordinary. At some point, she never made it to her friend's house and that's when the friends contacted the family letting them know that. So around 9:00 o'clock, 9:30 saturday night the family contacted police. By sunday a full scale search was underway. 200 police officers from local, state and federal agencies including the fbi, assisting in this whole case. Now, this coming to a tragic ending. We'll have much more on the investigation tonight at 6:00 o'clock. We're live in clayton, dave kinchen, "fox 29 news". 

[00:02:06]


>> Dave, it is such a tragic story. Thank you. 
>>> It is. 
>> Let's turn it over to "fox 29"'s dave schratwieser live in woodbury to take us through today's investigation and the surrender of the two suspects. 
>> Reporter: Lauren, those two suspects surrendered right here in front of the prosecutor's office. Our cameras were right here as they walked in with their parents and their lawyer. Tonight, they have been interviewed by the prosecutor's office license be placed in a juvenile detention center until a possible hearing on friday that would be a bail hearing and there could be a situation where they would be waived up to adult court and charged as adults. Prosecutors says they're still working on that this was day of grieving in clayton. Only "fox9" cameras were there when two teenaged boys, a lawyer and family members arrived at the prosecutor's office in downtown woodbury just afternoon within minutes, both of the boys were in handcuffs and being led away by detectives to be questioned in the death of 12 year old autumn pasquale. 
>> It's just sad. 
>> Reporter: Back in clayton the family of the young girl carried teddy bares to the yard where her body was found overnight. Grief and fear spread through the neighborhood. 
>> Across the street from my house. 
>> How did you reaction. 
>> I'm scared. It's devastating. Unnerving. 
>> You think never in your town. Never this close to home and it's scary. 
>> I'm even scaring to myself out with my kids around the block. 
>> Reporter: Autumn's body was found in a recycling bin like this put out curb monday night at this home on east clayton avenue. Crime scene investigators could be scenery moving a white bmx bike from the home like the one autumn was riding when she disappeared on saturday touching off massive search that ended a few blocks from her home and police headquarters. 
>> It's scary to thinking who, why and what could have been so bad. It's just awful. 
>> Reporter: At a news conference tuesday morning, the girl's uncle mourned the loss of a young girl gone way too soon. 
>> She was an angel here on earth and she's an angel up in heaven. Out of evil will come good goodness. Goodness conquers evil. 

[00:04:17]


>> Reporter: Now, I spoke to jeffrey winter they are an attorney with defense attorney with the public defender's office here in gloucester county all he would say is that juvenile complaints have been filed against the public defender's clients there and he thought that a hearing could be scheduled as early as friday. We will have much more on this investigation coming up at 6:00. Live in woodbury, dave schratwieser "fox 29 news". 
>> So heartbreaking, dave. As you mentioned, family, the community is grieving. Our "fox 29" facebook fans continue to leave their condolences. Rodney wrote, sad to wake up to this. No one is safe these days. The wicked continues to be a burden. Another precious young le gone my heart goes out to autumn's family with the hope that justice will soon be served. 
>> And jen posted, I was hoping there was a better ending to this. My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of this beautiful little girl. 
>> Our coverage on this story continues. Meanwhile, investigators are working hard to find this missing montgomery county baby snatched from her apartment. "Fox 29"'s stephanie salvatore live at the upper merion police department. Any breaks in this search tonight, stephanie? 
>> Reporter: We wish we could tell you at this point there are any breaks in the case, but there are not. The fbism has joined local and state agencies in efforts to find this little girl. Now, family members tell us the parents have been here at the police station since last night instead of going back to their apartment. But we're not sure if they're being held here by police. Details surrounding a 10 month old's disappearance in king of prussia are still very minimal. But the state, local and federal investigators work here is two fold. 
>> Our main focus right now is the safe return of this little girl. That's what we're putting our primary purpose on right now. We are working two investigations. 
>> Upper merion police believe someone came into the apartment where 61 year old woman was babysitting her granddahter. The woman was killed and the little girl abduction the from the apartment. Police say it happened between 8:00 a.M. And noon monday. Amber alert was issued by late afternoon. Friends of the family tell "fox 29" that saavni's parents just moved to the marquis apartments just a few months ago. They had tried many years to conceive a child. The girl's father made a plea to anyone who may have information. 

[00:06:29]


>> If someone finds my baby, could you please bring my baby back? Don't do any harm to the baby. Public, please, please, help me in this murder. 
>> Reporter: Saavni is described as an asian-indian standing just 2 feet 6-inches tall and weighing 21 pounds. She has black hair and brown eyes and was last seen wearing a white dress with pink flowers. 
>> We are told that the grant mother of the little girl has only been visiting here from india since june. She was planning to go back in january. Very tragic end for her -- for her story. But family and friends herere holding out hope that saavni will be returned and they've been in and out of the police station here all day. Live in upper merion, stephanie salvatore, "fox 29" news. 
>> Hope for the best. Thank you. 
>> Now to the latest on a breaking story in philadelphia. A cop hit by a car. Our chris o'connell live in germantown. How is the officer doing, chris? 
>> Reporter: Thomas, he's doing okay tonight. The bicycle officer assigned to the 14th district still here at einstein medical center with injuries to his leg. He was hit by the car. He was trying to investigate when that car slammed into him in a parking lot. Meanwhile, the driver and the passenger are under arrest. Philadelphia police officer arriving in an ambulance to einstein medical center. But it was here in this chelten avenue mc don nam's parking lot where routine patrol turned violent. Witnesses say the officer on his bike was investigating a suspicious car. The driver took off in reverse dragging the officer to the ground and slamming the black chrysler into the mcdonald's drive through. The driver and passenger were taken into custody. We have learned the name of that officer but it has not yet been released by the department. We expect him to be treated and releaseed sometime tonight. Live at einstein medical center, chris o'connell "fox 29 news". 
>> Chris, thank you. 
>>> Officials trying to restore power to montgomery county street following a fire at a dunkin' donuts. This happened at main and barbados street in norristown around 9:30 this morning. Contractor damaged some underground equipment damaging the dunkin' donuts and sparking a fire. A worker there was injured when she tried to put out the fire. Peco says it hopes to restore power to everyone by this eving. ???????????? 

[00:08:51]


>>> you saw it first on fox. A car nearly crushed by a fallen tractor trailer tire. Today worry meeting the young pregnant woman nearly killed when this tire and rim assembly broke off an 18 wheeler and smashed into a honda civic on the schuylkill expressway. I an peck is calling herself, her partner and their unborn son the miracle family. Lee was driving peck to english language classes on his way to work when the tire and rim came out of nowhere as they passed the vare avenue exit of the expressway much the couple came within a few feet of being crushed by the tire. 
>> That tire smashed on my car and -- 
>> what was your reaction when the tire struck your car? 
>>> We were so in panic. 
>> Yeah. 
>>> It was panic. 
>> Reporter: Pap nick? 
>> Peck is due to give birth to a son in mid january. She was checked out at the hospital after feeling some contractions but all is well tonight. Coming up at 6:00 more on their incredible near death experience. ???????????? 
>> we have the latest in the penn state child sex scandal. Jerry sandusky is now a state prison inmate. Former psu assistant football coach was transferred to the state correctional institute at camp hill this morning. He'll stay for at least a week before he is assigned to the prison where he will serve 30 to 60 years. Sandusky was convicted of 45 counts of child sex abuse. 
>> A member of philadelphia mayor michael nutter's security team was injured in this crash along mlk drive this morning. Police say he was on his way to pick up the mayor around 7:30 this morning when his car was hit by this white van you're -- there it is right there. The officer is in the hospital in stable condition. The other driver went to the hospal with minor injuries. 
>> More than 16,000 children in the city of philadelphia will be able to participate in sports and other recreational programming this win. The city reached an agreement witness school district which will allow schools to stay open at night and on saturdays so that different activities can take place. 
>>> This was a smart and collaborative approach to provide the high quality services to our young people while still struggling with limited public resources. 

[00:11:01]


>> The agreement will cost the city about $338,000. Howard? 
>> Many people will be here tonight at the sheraton society hill to honor a former legendary eagles trainer and we'll talk to a former eagles coach about what he would do with this eagles team coming up in sports. 
>> Coming up in weather, we've been tracking partly sunny to mostly cloudy skies. A few light showers especially north. We're tracking this system but also coming up we're tracking the tropics. Get the latest on sandy and how it could impact our weather in the days to come. But first, here we go again. Apple unveils its newest innova. But will the lines be as long I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. 

[00:14:24]


>> Rain slick roads may have caused a mass tiff tractor trailer pile up in northern california. Nine big rigs collided in a truck tunnel in two separate crashes. It took fire crews more than three hours to rescue one driver who w' pinned in his truck. He was hospitalized with minor injuries. Officials also say 400 gallons of fuel spilled at the scene. But there's no hazmat risk. 
>> Nine year old boy in arizona is recovering after being trapped under a boulder. The little boy was pinned under rockshyiking with his grandmother in tucson on sunday afternoon. Police rushed to gates path to rescue evans who says he saw a tortoise and leaned on a boulder before the rocks came tumbling down on top of him. He didn't break any bones but was pretty banked up. ???????????? 
>> final face off is over. Now president barack obama and republican nominee mitt romney wait to see what impact last night's debate will have on voter. 
>> Both are chris crossing the country to key battleground states. 
>> Reporter: President obama hits the campaign trail trying to put fresh emphasis on his plans for a second term by releasing what his campaign calls a blueprint for america's future. 
>> My plan actually will move america forward. 
>> Reporter: The president outlined his jobs plan kicking through a series of previously release the mostly economic proposals. And his campaign releasing an ad again trying to hone in on a concrete second term message. Mitt romney's campaign release ing two ads today. One, highlighting his plan to create 12 million jobs. 
>> I got to make sure we get people off of food stamps, not by cutting the program but by getting them good jobs. 
>> Reporter: President obama also stopped in battleground ohio with vice-president joe biden and continued to portray mitt romney as a candidate who is changing his positions to get elected. 
>> Let's called rom am knee is a we joke about governor romney being all over the map butmething important. It speaks of trust. 

[00:16:27]


>> Reporter: Republican ticket spent the day in westerns to up states. In nevada mitt romney and paul ryan continued to criticize the president for not providing enough specifics about a second term. 
>> We haven't heard an agend from the president and that's why his campaign is taking on water and our campaign is full speed ahead. 
>> Reporter: In an effort to appeal to young voters president obama sits down for a live interview with mtv this friday. Kovernor romney has been invited to do the same sometime before the november 6th election. In washington, nicole collins, fox news. 
>> Just in time for the holiday shopping season, apple is showing off its newest product. It is the i-pad mini. Got a 7.9-inch screen about half the size of a regular i-pad. And it's $329 price point is meant to compete with smaller tablets from companies like google and amazon. 
>> The 7-inch tablets have been selling incredibly well. I think it caught apple by surprise they've been so successful. A lot of thought the 7-inch tablets would be a between ner product. 
>> Apple starts taking orders this friday, august 26th and start shipping a week later on NOVEMBER 2nd. 
>> In this troubled economy it's very hard to pinch pennies and safe for the future. Nearly half of all americans don't have more than $500 saved and that's according to a study by credit card comparison company credit donkey.Com. 41% of people surveyed have less than 500 bucks at their disposal. Many are anxious about the dire times. 45% said they are afraid they will never be able to save enough for the future. 
>>> Credit donkey.Com. Tocks plunged today in one of the worst days on wall street this year. All major indices landed in the red. ???????????? 
>> our job shop job of the day is for zero rock. They need an information management specialist for their malvern location. For more information or to apply come on over to myfoxphilly.Com, click on the money tab and then the job shop link. Let's talk business here. Here's the fox business network's stewart varney behind the numbers. 

[00:18:39]


>> Here the number. 1.3 billion. That's how much the value of the monster energy drink company came down when it was linked to a lawsuit. That is a huge drop and it happened in a matter of minutes. Here's the story. Monster's high caffeine drinks were named in a lawsuit of over the death of a 14 year old reportedly she drank two, 24-ounce cans in 24 hours. A mother says monster shoul have warned about the danger. She says monster is therefore libel. It's that word, liability, which brought the company's value down. Here's another word. Regulation. That is possible for the entire energy drink business. 1.3 billion, a big hit for monster. That's the financial power of a lawsuit. I'm stewart varney. See you tomorrow morning on the fox business network. ???????????? 
>> clouds blocked the sun for most of the day with spotty showers poppingp all afternoon. A live look at center city right now. Will you need your umbrella? That's the big question. Scott is here to give ushe answer. 
>> Lauren, you probably won't need your umbrella. The bulk of the spotty showers remain to our north right now. And that really has been the case for the bulk of the day. As we take a look at ultimate doppler right now you can see pretty quite around the heart of the delaware valley, but toward the scranton area that's where we are finding the bulk of the showers. Also, into sections of upstate new york and well out to the west around parts of the great lakes. Sohat storm track has primarily been to the north of us. We've seen partly sunny to mostly cloudy skies around the region. But the breaks in the clouds that certainly has allowed temperatures to top out today in the upper 60s, even low 70s. Let's look at the current temperatures right now stepping outdoors. In philadelphia it is 71 degrees 69 in wilmington. We have 70 in millville as well as cape may and also dover. A little cooler, though, in the poconos right w in the 50s. So stepping outdoors, I think most of us stay dry. Perhaps an isolateed shower chance mainly north but those temperatures will be in the 70s as we move hour by hour and then dipping into the 60s as we move into the evening time frame. So cloudy skies by 9:00. 65 degrees. By 11:00 o'clock, we're looking at 63 degrees, cloudy and mild. The tropics are heating up. Of course, all eyes on tropical storm sandy right now in the caribbean picking up some steam. Maximum sustained winds at 50 miles per hour. Coming up we'll talk about the latest track and how sandy could impact our weather by the latter part of the weekend. 

[00:21:10]


>>> All right, scott, thank you. 
>> This next story really does have a lot of people talking. You hed a moment ago the feds are now investigate a possible deadly link to monster energy drinks. So should you think twice before your next energy boost? Our dr. Mike has got the answer next. 
>> Plus, would you show your daughter the new mini mouse? Wait until you see this makeover now this is a party. Mmm. I don't know, I think I might bail. Yeah, it's pretty dead. 

[00:23:37]


[ Male Announcer ] ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH. New kfc dip'ems. Freshly prepared tenders dipped in irresistible sauces. Try a 3 piece combo for just $5. ???????????? 
>> "fox 29" looking out for your health during a deadly west nile outbreak. New jersey's healthartment now says five people in the garden state have died from the mosquito born illness. More than 40 other people have gotten sick from the disease. Health officials say the elderly and those with weakened immune systems are most at risk for developing complications from west nile virus. West nile typically peaks in late summer or early fall. 
>> Are energy drinks putting you at risk? As we told you first on fox last night fda says they are investigating a number of deaths linked to the popular brand monster. This after reports from parents that a 14 year old girl died from a heart arrhythmia after drinking large cans of monster energy. 
>> Our dr. Mike cirigliano wason good day this morning to explain what highly caffeinated drinks can actual dollar to your body. 
>>> Now what is arrhythmia. It is an abnormal rhythm of the heart. The heart pumps blood in a regular rhythm and caffeine can disturb that. Now, what's very interesting and I want to take a look at this, there's a case that this woman may have had he will less dan lows syndrome. 
>> What is that? 
>>> What you see there is the skin being pulled. It's a condition where there's an abnormality of collagen of conectiv tsue and that cannot only affect the skin but if you look at this neck picture, it can also affect the heart. 
>> Okay. It can cause problems with valves and we have another picture here, where it can actually cause aursting of the aorta. That's the big pipe that comes out of the heart and feeds blood to the and tire body, and that's because -- there's because there's collagen in there and if you have that condition and then you combine it with massive doses of caffeine -- 

[00:25:57]


>> would you burst the. 
>>> It can make your blood pressure go up. It iss cause arrhythmias, yeah. 
>> There's more. In fact you can watch the full interview with dr. Mike on our website. Head to myfoxphilly.Com and click on the good day tab. There you'll see a link right to the video. 
>> And join the "fox 29" team this at saturday for the leukemia and lymphoma light the night walk. The fess viv at the begin at 4:30 at the philadelphia art museum. The walk starts at 6:30. You can fine out more information online. 
>> One family now faces a battle against a debilitateing disease. That's attacking not one but two siblings. Next, the overwhelming show of support from their community and how you can help. 
>>> And -- 
>> I'm joyce evans in malvern where playing more tennis is on lot peoples's buck list but what if you're not, well -- 
>> serena williams has one once again. 
>> Reporter: Or you don't have time for that and your routine work out. 
>> I love to play tennis. 
>> Reporter: How about combining them? 
>> Cardio tennis. You got it. 
>> It's such a great way to start my day. I get my exercise over and done with. 
>> Keep it all under control. from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. ???????????? 

[00:29:50]


>> let's get you caught up on your top stories. Two teegers are under arrest charged with murdering 12 year old autumn pasale. Only foss 29 was there when they arrive at the gloucester couy prosecutor's office this morning. Investigators say the 15 and 17 year old brothers lured the girl to their house over her bmx bike and strangled her to death. Her body was found early this morning in a recycling bin in clayton, new jersey. This morning pasquale's uncle mourn the loss avenue live taken way too soon. 
>> She was want angel here on earth and she's an angel up in heaven. Out of evil will come good. 
>>> Those teens now face several charges including first degree murder. 
>> The hunt for missing montgomery county baby continues at this hour. Fbi is now part of the search for 10 month old saavni venna who was snatched from a king of prussia apartment after someone murdered her grandmother. Police say it happened between 8:00 a.M. And noon. Saavni is described as asian-indian has black hair, brown eyes, stands 2 feet 6-inches tall, weighs 21 pounds. 
>> A food warning now. Be careful with that sweet tooth folks. Wegmans recalling a brownie mix after reports from two customers about allergic reactions to milk that wasn't listed in the product. Recall involves 17.2-ounce packages of wegmans gluten free double chocolate brownie mix. ???????????? 
>> now a story you'll see only on fox. A chester county community working to help a local family battling a devastating disease. 
>>> It's so rare, many have never even heard of this. "Fox 29"'s john anderson introduces us to the vivians and shows the incredible support from their phoenixville neighbors. 
>> Reporter: When you watch seven year old eli and his four year old sister ella, they look like your normal active kids. But their mom becky vivian always had a fear. 
>> I just had this feeling that something wasn't right with him, and, um, and I knew I wasn't going to stop until, you know, until I found out what it was. 

[00:31:58]


>> Reporter: Four weeks ago, becky found out eli has meadow crow mat tick luke company dystrophy. Last week ella was diagnosed, too, she's not showing any symptoms yet. 
>> I mean I never heard of this disease. I don't know anyone whose ever heard of this disease. 
>> Reporter: After starting a facebook page she started getting messages from people all around the world. The kids are lacking in enzymes that protects the nervous system caused by defective genes that attack a child eye site, brain and their ability to walk. And there's no cure. The vivians two older sons are fine. As of right now, there is gene therapy being performed in milan italy. 
>> Right now that's our only hope. There are enzyme replace many therapies. There's some in denmark right now, and but right now in the united states there's nothing. 
>> The community has rallied around this family and started their own support group with these t shirts for eli and ella's prayer warriors. Already 400 sold. It's all part of this family's mission to save their incredible loving children. 
>> She has brought so much love into my life and she's just taught us all so much and she's justifies tee and everying about her. She's just amazeing. She prays for everyone. I mean everyone. Like the bus driver when he lt his job last year. I prayed for him every single night until he knew that he found another job. That's the greatest gift I can give to my kids is to teach them to think of other people and eli has always done that. 
>> Reporter: Now this family hopes their prayers will be answered. In phoenixville, john anderson "fox 29 news". 
>> If you would like to help the vivian family there's a fund set up through td bank. There's also an event tomorrow in oaks, pennsylvania. We've got all the information you need on our website, myfoxphilly.Com, just look under seen on tv. 
>> Some local school kids have new work out equipment thanks to united way and the philadelphia eagles. The organization's dedicateed new youth fitness zone. It includes weight training equipment and games which allow children to have fun while exerciseing. 

[00:34:10]


>> The importance of just keeping them fit and keeping them in shape I think that's the best thing. That's the big, um, goal today and them seeing the gym I think got them pretty exciteed. 
>> United way d eagles say having a safe place to exercise can help set kids on the path to success. 
>> Eagles doing a lot. Eagles wide receiver jeremy maclin helped show off the new educational video game that benjamin franklin high school in philly's spring garden neighbor. It's called financial football. The game is kids how to tackle their financial futures. 
>> We probably all heard the phrase skinny mini, right. 
>> Not in reference to a disney character. Wait until you see this one. Look at this. It seems mini mouse dropped some weight before modeling for barney's new york holiday window display. But her bone thin look is garnering negative feedback. In a joint statement disney and barney defense the new mini saying the image is part of a video where mini dreams she's a model and wax up as her normal self. 
>> Our "fox 29" facebook fans weighed in on this one. Melissa wrote, they should be ashamed. This is exactly why young girls and women have body issues unrealistic body images. Angela agreed. That's a horrible display. Leave mini alone. She's perfect the way she is. 
>> But richard disagrees. It's just the stylized skinny version of mini for an ad campaign then who cares. 
>> I was going to agree wiry char until I saw that photo for the first time. 
>> It's disturbing. 
>>> A little too thin for youngsters to look at. 
>> One thing for adults to look at it and think, okay, you know, a little comical for but children who idolize mini mouse. 
>> That's where parents step and explain it to their children. 
>> Exactly. 
>>> You can see it both ways. You can weigh in on our "fox 29" facebook page. 
>>> Up next, how do you get a music legend to play your birthday party? We'll tell you. Scott? 
>> All right. Coming up, the weather authority is tracking the latest with tropical storm sandy. It's in the caribbean but where not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get when you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:37:10]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabies at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. ! ???????????? 

[00:39:14]


>> lift off of, exploring three people now on their way to their new home on the international space station. Two russian cosmonauts and american astronaut blasted off from a russian launch pad today. They'll join the three person team currently aboard the space station. Of course, the united states currently doesn't have a manned space program so astronauts rely on russian ships to get into orbit. 
>> All right. They say ask and you shall receive. That's pretty much how one man got '80's icon billy idol to come to his birthday party. 
>> Michael hendrickson describes himself as a huge '80's fan. Two years ago he was having what he called an early life crisis. While listening to the song white wedding he joked with a friend that it would be kind of cool to get billy idol to play at his 21st birthday pear. So he set up a website, got endorsements from b list celebrities and low and behold billy idol is cupping to so at tell for this 26th birthday party. 
>> I received the invitation. I was honored and touched. And then I began getting message s from people all over the world fans across the globe, athletes, musicians, telling me billy you've got to get seattle and playichael's birthday party. 
>> Pretty cool. Nothat any of us are inn have id but the party is in seattle this friday night in case you're interested. 
>> Except for the b list celebrities. They're on the list. 
>>> I don't know who that is. 
>> The big casino heist could be the next big screen hit. Why cops could be closing in on the help. 
>> Firefighters jumping in to help the family of a fallen brother. His widow's one request they helped complete. Howard. 
>> We're at the sheraton society hill in honor of a legendary eagles train they are. We'll talk to a former head coach of the eagles. What would he do with the eagles these days? We'll be back in sports. 
>> Your weather authority seven day f not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anyme." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:.. ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:43:35]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. ???????????? 
>> I saw commercial for christian dating website yesterday. Now there's one for old people like me. Did you see that what the heck is the name of it. Ilver fox or something. 
>> Like once again or -- 
>> once again. 
>>> Before you're dead.Com. 
>> Fourth time around. 
>>> Yeah. One last shot. 
>> The book is out. It's out. Everywhere books are sol. 
>> Okay. 
>> Oh, my goodness. 
>> Ew. 
>> You are such a weirdo. 
>> What? I work in the bakery. 
>> You're not normal. So weird. That is now your personal tip. 
>> I'm over here trying to be polite and wait for the segment to end before I -- 
>>> good to see you. 
>> God, I think I hate the cupcake afterwards. I'm a little grossed out. Coming up tomorrow on good day we'll talk to philadelphia native and junior welder weight champion danny garcia, plus, home grown products celebrity chef simply can't do without and priceless jewels from museums, upsetting -- exhibits called treasures. 
>> It could be a script taken right from hollywood. 
>>> An elaborate plan to steal $1 million from the las vegas kaseen known and the guy got away. 

[00:45:44]


>> Reporter: Photographs by the eye in the skin at the fifty two niece he stole one point sick million dollars in chips. 
>> Ripping off a casino is a -- it really is. 
>> It happened wednesday october 10th a about 6:00 a.M. Metro's tourist crimes says cole snuck into a closed private as keen know area like a poker room and pride open a chip container using stole he stole from an employee area. There was no weapon and no confrontation with employees or guests end gotta with way avert of chips. 
>> Anybody that comes back to the casino to try and cash these chips or to play them will be met by security, and an investigation will ensue. 
>> Reporter: Lieutenant robert duval said a few people have tried to cash in these stolen chips. They were interviewed but so far no arrests have been made. David schwartz says it's not easy to cash in high denomination chips. 
>> If you're playing that level you usual vol credit and they know you pretty well. So it's more difficult to turn that in to say a $25 chip. 
>> Reporter: And because of that, venetian reps add the redeemable value of the stolen chips is only about 10 grand. 
>> Definitely not like stealing cash which you can spend anywhere. There's pretty much one place on earth you can catch the chips in and the people who have video of you stealing it. 
>> Schwartz says he doesn't understand why people continue to try and rob casinos because as you know the house always wins. 
>> On to your weather authority. Another great fall day out. There scott williams joining u keep it going, scott. 
>> Certainly felt nice temperature wise, thomas. We made it into the low 70s. Now, we saw partly sunny to mostly cloudy skies. Most of us remained dry. We did, however, see a few passing sprinkles and light showers, and the bvlk of that act right now remains well to our north around the pennsylvania and new york border. You can see the bulk of the heavier showers right now all a system that's draped just to our north bringing with it a fewmore clouds, but certainly our temperatures will stay on the mild side over the next couple of days. The morning low was 50 degrees. The afternoon high made it into the low 70s. So 71 degrees the high. The normal this time of year is 64 degrees. And look at the record. It was 87 degrees back in 1947. Let's look at those current temperatures right now. If you're stepping outdoors, yeah, pretty pleasant. 70 degrees at the atlantic city airport. It's 70 root how in millville. 71 in philadelphia. 67 in pottstown. A little cooler mount pocono and allentown checking in right now with temperatures in the upper 50s. So what to expect for tonight. We'll keep some clouds around with that boundary in place. The best chances for a pew isolateed showers mainly to the north, northern new jersey, also, as we move into sections of the poconos watching out for a stray shower. Most of us stay dry and comfortable. If you're stepping out tonight, no weather worries. Now, as we move into the middle of the week we're looking at clouds around, some sunshine. So tomorrow similar to today with that shower chance north primarily the first part of the day but look at the temperatures tomorrow 74 degrees. As we move into your thursday, more of the same. A mixture of sun and clouds, dry conditions, temperatures topping out right around 70 degrees. So this stretch of bit of an indian summer. Temperatures above averageer that frost we had a couple of weeks ago. So certainly not feeling like fall. Now, as far as conditions to expect over the next couple of days, we will be watching the tropics. Right now tropical storm sandy in the caribbean, maximum sustain winds are at 50 miles an hour. It's moving to the north. Expected to impact jamaica potentially as a hurricane, then sections of cuba and then head into the bahamas. But by the latter part of the weekend, most of the computer models start to turn it away om the eastern seaboard toward we are mud today. We still have some time to watch this as we take a look at some of the computer models guidance. You can see moving it to the north then turning it out back to sea. Some of the players with sandy ozer the neck couple of days, a cold front expected to head our way by the latter part of the weekend bringing some showers. But as sandy moves in to some of the cooler waters of the atlantic it should lose its tropical characteristics but could it have a big wind field so a broad wind field and also its proximity to the coast could mean some coastal flooding, some beach erosion and also some gusty winds. So we'll have to see how it inter acts with that cold front. Likely the front will kick it back out to see but nonetheless, we could have more clouds, some shower chances and also some impacts down the shore especially the second half of the weekend and also into early neck week. That's something that the weather authority will keep you posted on. So recapping the forecast for tomorrow, temperatures in the 70s. A shower chance north most of us stay dry. We'll look at partly sunny to mostly cloudy skies over the neck couple of days and then friday looks pretty good. Saturday right now temperatures in the upper 60s and then as we move into sunday, some showers with that cold front that approaches and some potential impacts late sunday into early next week. Of course, it really depends on what happens with sandy. So we'll keep you posted. 

[00:51:11]


>> Enjoy the week while you can. 
>> Yup. 
>> Are you tech geeks. 
>> No what. 
>> No. 
>> It's hard to keep up. 
>> Not a total surprise to gadget lovers as we mentioned a little bit earlier apple unveil its newest device today. The i-pad mini. The tablet has a 7.9-inch screen and it will cost $329 so the question, will you be lining up to get one? Is it even worth it? You've been commenting about the new i-pad mini on facebook. Rick wrote- 
>> but brendan sees things differently. He says, smallerrism pad, bigger iphone. Winner of the -- when are the two going to meet in size? 
>> ???????????? 
>>> we're at the sheraton society hill in honor of a legendary trainer for the philadelphia eagles davis and the raising money for scholarships here. But on the football side of it i have former eagles head coach dick vermeil. All right, dick, I'll put you back as head coach of the eagles. 
>>> Okay. 
>> Awed bye week off of two losses. What do you do this week to get this team to be better to win a football game? 
>>> Well, I think the fact that they aren't what they thought they were going to be at this point is a great motivational tool. Just allowing the players to go away for a few days, relax, because they care. They care. The staff cares. And I think just that in itself us andy has been -- nobody has been better than andy reid coming out of a bye. 13-zero. 13-zero. 
>>> I mean I can't even believe anyone is that good. So I think the a little bit disappointment coming back with andy reid's nmal scheme of getting them ready to play again coming out, I think they'll beat atlanta. 
>> What do you think their problem is. 
>>> I think the problem is the injuries in the offensive line. Backup left tackle. You know, the inside -- back up center playing in there. Young offensive lineman at right guard and when you play those kind of people against one of the best teams in football like detroit especially inside where those two tackles it magnifies the problem. 

[00:53:26]


>> What do you do with the quarterback? 
>>> I think you keep doing what he's done in the past successfully. He's been a good player. He has played better. But, you know, your skill will never look gas if the big guys don't help him. The big guys have to play better up front. And they don't want to play against that kind of match up ever weekend because that's tough. 
>> Well, firing a coach does what for a team? They fired a coach and the defense is pretty good. What does that do for this team? It shows the coach is very serious, the boss is serious, and they might think, I'm next. 
>> But you can't do it with the players, right. 
>>> You set them down. 
>> They win on sunday? 
>>> I think they'll beat atlanta atlanta is the only undefeated team in football right now and it's tough to keep that position. Sooner or later someone is going to knock them off. It could be eagles. I would think so. 
>> They almost have to win the division to get to the playoffs now I would think. 
>>> Oh, yeah. I think they can do it but the division is tough. Watch the giants, exploring that's why you get big bucks as head coach. 
>>> I know it. 
>> Thanks, dick. Dick vermeil. We'll have ron jaworski coming up later. Back to you guys. 
>> Howard, we'll see you in the 6:00 o'clock hour. Coming up next on the "fox 29 news" at 6:00, just a horrifying end to the search for a missing new jerse12 year old. We're live in gloucester county where two teen brothers are charged with murder. That's coming up right after ???????????? 

[00:58:28]


>> right now on "x 29 news" at 6:00, days of searching leads to a young girl's body in a small new jersey town. 
>> Now to teenaged brothers sit behind bars charged with murder. The motivation senseless. 12 year old autumn pasquale's body was found inside this clayton home's recycling bin days after she disappeared. Her murder may have all been over her bicycle. 
>>> "Fox 29"'s dave kinchen live in clayton. Dave, these are details here are heart wrenching. 
>> Reporter: Yeah, lauren, this is just a devastating story involving the murder of 12 year old autumn pasquale. She would have been 13 in just a matter of days. Wee learned that police have arrested two brothers, 15 and 17 years old, charged with first degree murder, also, conspiracy, dumping her body and theft after police say they stole her bike and other items. Prosecutors say that one of them lured her to their house to trade parts on a bike, and she was then strangled to death and dumped in a recycling unit. We want to show you exclusive video of the suspects being walked into court. Now get this. The prosecutor says the mother actually found some troubling facebook posts on one of her son's pages. That's when she called police and that's when police investigated. Here's the prosecutor sean daulton on what they found with that search warn. 
>> The essential warrant revealed personal belongings of 

﻿Title: FOX and Friends First
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/7/1996
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> Good morning everyone. I am patti ann browne. >>I am heather childers. Thyou for watching fox and friends first. It was the final faceoff in florida. President obama and mitt romney clashing over foreign policy in the third and final presidential debate. The president insisting he has made america stronger. But mitt romney arguing the last four years cannot be preeted. Kelly wright with more. >If you watched the debate last night no doubt you were pleasantly surprised both candidates. You were surprised they even agreed. The president tried to portray governor mitt romney as a leader who would be unsteady with world affairs but governor romney didn't back down. He tried to portray the president as pulling america's world image down to a level of weakness. 
>> At home and abroad he has dick cheney as someone who shows great wisdom and judgment. Taking us back to those strategies that got us into this mess are not the way we are going to maintain leadership in the 21st century. Oo governor romney wrong and reckless policy? 
>> I have a policy for the future and agenda for the future. When it comes to our economy at home I know what it takes to create jobs and rising take home pay. What we have seen the four years and I don't want to see it the next four years. 
>> Differences oneign policy and policies at home there were a few moments when governor romney expressed agreement with the president including ruling out military acti in syria continues to support sanctions against iran. Supporting a timetable for withdrawing u.S. Troops from afghanistan. Governor romney committed the president on the killing of osama bin laden. The two men have sharp disagreement on his vision for america. Now it is time for them for the next few weeks to return to the campaign trail to urge voters to make their choice on election day. 

[00:02:20]


>>> Thank you. The intense moments didn't just end with what you saw with kelly wright. There were jabs zingers and heated exchanges. 
>> The presidential candidates hitting all of the issues including iraq, afghanistan and the most talked about issue right now t attack on our consulate in libya. 
>> With respect to libya as i indicated in the last debate, when we received that phone call, I immediately made sure that number one we did everything we could to secure those americans who were still in harm's way. Number two we would investigate exactly what happened number three most importantly we would go after those who killed americans and we would bring them to justice. That's exactly what we are going to do. 
>> We have to put in place a very comprehensive and robust strategy to help the world of islam and other parts of the world reject this radical violent extremism which is not in the run, it's certainly not hiding this is a group that is now involved in ten or 12 countries and it presents an enormous threat to our friends, to the world, to america long-term and we must have a comprehensive strategy to help reject this kind of extremism. 
>> Governor romney you keep trying to air brush history. You were very clear that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said they could get it in the private marketplace. That isn't true. 
>> You are wrong. You are wrong. Loopeople will look it up. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> We are talking about the middle east and try to help them reject the terrorism and rising tummult and confusion. Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how to deal with the challenges in the mid eels and taking advantage of the oppoity there staenld the tied of this center lines. 
>> We have been through tough times but we always bounce back because of our character because we pull together. If I had tvilege of being your president for another four years I will always tloins your voices I will fight for your families and I will work every day to continue to make sure we are the greatest on earth. 

[00:04:38]


>> We have to have a president who can work across the aisle. I was in a state where my legislature was 87 percent democrat. Learned how t get along on the other side of the aisle. We have got to do that in washington. Washington is broken. I know what it takes to get this country back. We will work with good democrats and good republicans to do that. 
>> There were several moments when they did not agree on the facts. Good thing we have fox's chris wallace. He is fact checking the candidates on three issues brought up last night. T's take a levenlt>> the first fact is when mitt romney wanted to keep troops in iraq after the majority were pulled out. Let's play the clip. 
>> You and I agreed I believe that there should have been a status of forces agreement. 
>> No. What I would not have done is left 10,000 troops in iraq that would tie us down. That would not help us in the mid eels. 
>> There was an effort on the part of the president to have a status forces agreement. 
>> In fact I think you have to give the point to mitt romney on that. Provided as part of the troop withdrawal by george w. Bush in a deal with iraqi prime minister there would be a status of forces agreement and there would be aesidual force that was talked as little as 5,000 the military wanted it closer to 20,000. The person put in charge of it is joe biden. I bet you my vice president see malki the iraqi primminister will extend the status of forces agreement. It all fell apart they never got it. It is clear romney was right obama was wrong. Obama wanted and failed to get a status of forces agreement. We talked about this before a cunning moment when romney was talking about how obama was going to gut the military. He said you don't understand what the military is today. 

[00:06:41]


>> I t-- governor romney hasn't looked at how the military looks. We have fewer ships than we did in 1916. We have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military changed we have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. Ship that is go under water nuclear submarines. 
>> Well, as it turns out in the middle of the debate after he heard this a marine tweeted fox news and said, the marines still use bayonets. May not be clear who doesn't nd what the military currently uses. Briefly on the auto bailout, in an editorial that romney wrote in november of 2008 which had the headline he didn't write it let detroit go bankrupt. He argued for bankruptcy and managed bankruptcy. Guarantees for post bankruptcy findings and insure car booirs their loans are not at risk. Romney had the point on that, also. 
>> Did last night's final debate influence your decisions? Send your comments to us or tweet them to us@fox friends first or shoot us an e-mail to foxfriendsfirst@foxnews.com. We will read them later in the show. 
>>> Time for your 5@5. The top five stories making news at this hour. It wasn't just the state department targetd in the benghazi terror attack. Confirming a covert cia building also attacked. Previously the administration only refer to do the building as an annex to t consulate. They were searching for 20,000 missiles that disappeared in the initial up rising. Two of the murdered americans glen daughterty and tyrone woods were hmortar round 7 hours after the attack began. They were defending that cia building. 

[00:08:50]


>>> Now to an extreme weather alert northern california rocked with its first major storm of the season. Some cities hit with two feet of snow and rain. It spawned as many as 5 tornadoes some reaching speeds up to 100iles per hour. 
>> We actually did see the tornado. We saw it get dismanned elled right in front of our eyes. 
>> Our barn got thrown 200 feet in the air and landed on the roof. It's completely upside down. 
>> He lost his 7 tour defrance titles and may lose millions of dollars. A texas professional company that paid lan armstrong bonuses for winning may sue him to get that money back. An attorney says the company paid armstrong a total of $12 million. The international cycling union banned armstrong from cycling for life and stripped him of all of his tour defrance titles. 
>>> The giants with a giant come back once again. San francisco beating the cardinals 9-0 during a downpour to reach the world series. It's the second straight series the giants have won the last three games. They host the tigers in game one tomorrow night. 
>> It wouldn't be a debate without romney and obama's tradition. Playing jenning-- jenga with five of his grand kids. Fit fuelled up with his favorite meal a peanut butter and honey sandwich. The first lady dined on steak and potatoes. That's the meal they shared before the second debate. That's your 5@5:00. 
>>> Now it is time for the dpooirgs weather update. 

[00:10:51]


>> We have extreme heat. Ahead of the system we see winds out of the south. That is keeping things warm. Today's high temperature in minneapolis 70 degrees, 85 in dallas and 84 in san antonio. Well above average in that part of the country. Significant drop in temperatatures. As far as rain goes we are expecting generally dry weather. There will be showers and storms across northeast the great lakes region and portions of the midwest. More rain showers widespread from california up into parts of the northern rockies and more across the higher elevation and into northern portions of the rockies. We go from snow to the tropics. We he tropical storm sandy in the caribbean expect to go bring in impact as we head into lart on tonight. We will be moving over open waters in the atlantic. Doesn't seem like we are expecting land fall from the system across the southeastern u.S. But of course still time to go so we have to keep our eye on it. 
>>> The time now 12 after the hour. It might have been the foreign policy debate but there was plenty of talk about the economy. 
>>> The reality of the situation is foreign policy is secondary to our direct economy. Mitt romney has a plan to improve the economy. 
>> We will be hearing more from the panel of undecided voters and what they thought of the debate. The scathing report is up next. Before we go to break let's take a check of the gas prices. The new national average 3.65 a gallon. That's down one penny from yesterday. ?????? Fare thee well ?????? ?????? farewell ?????? ?????? mr. Gloom be on your way ?????? ?????? though you haven't any money you can still be bright and sunny ?????? ?????? sing polly wolly doodle all the day ???????????? ?????? hah ???????????? 

[00:16:22]


>> here's what you missed while you were sleeping the court-martial of major nadal hassan has been delayed innitely. They plan to appeal last week's ruling that would allow a judge to forcibly shave his beard. A plane used it as a runway. The crash landing happened after a plane over shot a nearby piert and slid on to three lanes of the interstate. Luckily the two people on board were not seriously hurt. No cars were hit. 
>> Time for a look at who is talking and last night on hannity frank luntz spoke to a group of undecided voters. We saw mitt romney tie in the economy to the foreign policy debate. Did it payo here is mitt romney's reaction. 
>> Every time it went up. You have to explain it. This is a foreign policy debate. Why would you dial higher when they would talk about economic policy. 
>> Because mitt romney has the experience that he is capable of taking this country and turning it around. Once we have that we will have security. We need more security. 
>> It's obama's ee keele's heel. How can he ignorit. 
>> It is secondary to our economy. Mitt romney has a plan to improve the economy. Obama does not. 
>> Mitt romney is aware economy is the main issue he keeps bringing it to that. 
>> What's more important economic or foreign policy? 
>> Economic. Who haze economic who says foreign. Is that a good strategy to do that? 
>> The president must beell rounded and vested in all areas. Mitt romney belongs in the private sector and economics is his strength some what. 

[00:18:26]


>> I don't think the president is qualified to be coander-in-chief. He told the focus group on the handling of foreign policy economy they said romney was stronger on economic policy while the president was stronger on foreign policy. 
>> Still ahead tax the rich or get less schooled? That's the choice before people of one state. We report you decide. Solyndra you thought cost half a billion dollars. The new bill is in. You are on the hook for a lot more dough. This Bible changed the world. I'm Kirk Cameron. Four Hundred years ago our forefathers risked their lives to bring this Bible to the shores of America. Because it contained the principals for economic liberty, political liberty and religious freedom. The 1599 Geneva Bible. It was the first complete english translation, complete with chapters, numbered verses and 300,000 utterly unique study notes. It actually came out before the King James Version and because the government didn't authorize it, it was outlawed. But it was a Bible by the people, for the people, the book that built America. And now for the first time in 400 years it's available again in a beautiful leather edition. I have one, I want you to have yours too. Please visit GenevaBible.com and get your copy of this rare and historic version of God's Word today. Thank you and may God bless you. Been shopping so smart, cash back with your freedom card getting cash back on what? Close shave and haircut fan for the ceiling. You're gonna cool off that hoooounddd! Tonight you gotta get your cash back, on new slacks. Use freedom on lunch with jack. Everybody get! Everybody get! Get your cash back. Chase freedom. things, trying to find a better job can be frustrating. So at University of Phoenix we're working with a growing list of almost two thousand corporate partners 

[00:21:58]


- companies like Microsoft, American Red Cross and Adobe - to create options for you. Not only that, we're using what we learn from these partners to shape our curriculum. So that when you find the job you want you'll be a perfect fit. Let's get to work. 
>> President obama said cut travel expenses but the inspector general says they have failed to cut costs. Contractors have taken over 90,000 international trips in the last 6 years costing taxpayers over $3 million. Jerry brown borrowing a page from president obama. The democrats pushing proposition 30. It would hike taxes up to 30 percent on those making more than 300,000 dollars. Brown says if voters don't pass that measure they will be forced to cut the school year by 3 weeks. 
>> Oo is the government investing in companies, investing in solyndra. This isn't research. I want to invest in research. Research is great provide funding to university and think tax. But investing in companies absolutely not. That's the wrong way to go. 
>>> Mitt romney hitting the president for his failed green policies including the investment in the solar panel company solyndra. We are finding out taxpayers may be on the hook for more than double what they originally invested in. Lauren simonetti is here to explain that. 
>> The cost to taxpayers of failed company solyndra may be more than the $135 million loan guarantee. When solyndra went bankrupt the government okayed this unpresented deal to provide tax kr write offs to the creditors. It brings the real cost to the taxpayer of $849 million. 

[00:24:20]


>> Wow. That is a whole lot of money. 
>> Foreign policy was being debated and the amount of money that each household is indebted to foreign debt is outrageous. 
>> Outrageous as well. Foreign interests hold $5 trillion in debt. Your share of that 47.495 that's the debt for each american household. Foreign interest held about 3 trillion back then households on the hook for 47,000. Huge jump. 
>> PEOPLE IN THEIR 30s NOW WORRY More about retirement than baby boomers. 
>> It is unexpected but the group of americans most concerned about retirement are THOSE IN THEIR LATE 30s. More than half of those had little or no confidence they would have enough money for their golden years. The result of the pugh survey baby boomers inching closer to their golden years it is more worried. They have bought houses at above level prices. 
>> Lauren simonetti from the fox business network. Appreciate it every morning. 
>>> The time right now 25 minutes after the hour. Still to come the president's porn policy over the last four years put under a microscope. 
>> The president began what i call an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that as weakness. 
>> Will mitt romney's debate performance help him become the commander-in-chief? A fair and balanced debate coming up. Now you see it now you don't? Why one school's photo shop crosses off the faces of football fans and they are now defending it. ring... Progresso This reduced sodium soup says it mahelp lower cholesterol, how does it work? You just he to eat it as part of your heart healthy diet. Step 1. Eat the soup. All those veggies and beans, that's what may help lower your cholesterol and -- Well that's easy 

[00:26:44]


[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. 

[00:30:05]


>> Welcome back to "fox & friends first". I am patty ann brown. 
>> I am heather childers. Round three for obama and romney the battle in boca. Focusing on foreign policy. 
>> The candidates made it clear they have different visions for america's role around the world. Doug luzader is life from washington with more. 
>> These two have the same goal in mind come september 6th -- november 6th. The president hoping to get momentum back. For people watching at home the split screen may have told the whole story the president no longer looking down as we saw through out a good portion of the first debate. Instead he was looking directly at mitt romney at moments even looked like a glare. The president arguing our image in the world has improved. 
>> The world needs a strong america and it is stronger now than when I came into office. Was wended t war in iraq we were able to refocus our attention not only on the terror threat but beginning the process in afghanistan. It allows us to refocus on alliances relationships that have been neglected for a decade. Governor romney our alliances have never been stronger. 
>>> While the focus was on foreign policy discussions about china iran and libya mitt romney made a pivot to the weak economy. 
>> In order to be able to fulfill our role in the world america must be strong, america must lead. For that to happen we have to strengthen our economy here at home. You can't have3 million people struggling to get a job. You can't have an economy over the last three years keeps slowing down test growth rate. You can't have kids coming out of college half of whom can't find a job today oa job that is commensurate with a college degree. We have to get our economy going. 

[00:32:15]


>> Let's take a look at twitter during the debate. Twitter identified four key moments or four peak moments. The fist when they were talking about what is going on in syria, the second that bayonet line from the president talking about the military when mitt romney accused the president having been on an apology tour and both of them talked about teachers is he at the vend. 
>> Doug lou ziader live in washington. 
>>> The third and final debate came with its share of tense moments. While they tried to layout their own policy platforms they traded jabs about each other's stances. 
>> The rooern I call it an apology tour you went from the middle east and flew from egypt to saudi arabia and turkey and iraq. By the way you skipped israel our closest friend in the region. You went to the other nations. By the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. And then in those nations on arabic tv you said america had been dismissive and divisive. You said on occasion america dictated to other nations. Mr. President america has not dictated other nations we have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> Nothing governor romney started is true starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been the biggest whothat has been told in this campaign. Every fact checker everybody looked at it the governor has said this is not true. When it comes to tightening sanctions, as I said before we have put in the toughest most crippling sanctions ever. While we were coordinating an international to make sure they were effective you were invested in a chinese state oil company doing business with the iranian oil sector. Governor romney wants to take us back to those policies foreign policy wrong and reckless economic policies that won't create jobs won't reduce our deficit but will make sure folks at the top don't have to play by the rules you do. 

[00:34:30]


>> We have a chan to have real leadership. We will have that kind of leadership and promote principals of peace. We will make the world a safer place and make people in this country more confident their future is secure. I also want to make sure we get this economy going. With 14 days left before the election. Who came you tell on top? Here is charles krauthammer's analysis. 
>> Romney won. Accident just win tactically but strategically. All he need to do do was basically draw. He needed to continue the momentum and this will continue it. Tactically he had to go up there and show he was a confident man someone you can trust as commander-in-chief a man who knows every area of the globe. He gave interest extra details like the network which gave the impression he knows what he is talking about. There is a third level. You can talk about the small points or the debating point romney went large obama went very, very small. Romney made a strategic decision not to go after the president on libya or syria or other areas where obama could accuse him of being a bush lik war monger. I would have gone after obama o libya with a baseball bat but that's why he won elections and I haven't even contested them. He decided to stay away from that. I think that might have worked for him. What he did concentrate on is the big picture. People don't care about what our policy on syria is going to be. They care about h america is perceived in the world and how america kaur res itself in the world. He devastatingly leveled the charge of obama going around on an apology tour. His answer was ask any reporter they will tell you it wasn't so. About the weakest answer you can get romney's response is to quote obama we dictate to other nations. He said we do not dictate other nations we liberate them. Obama was utterly speechless. That's the large picture. America strong america respected. What obama did is kept interrupting and interjecting and his responses were almost all very small petty attacks. The lowest was when he was talking about sanctions. When I was working on sanctions you were investing in a company in china. That's the kind of attack you expect from a guy who is running for city council for the first time. That's not what you expect from a president. 

[00:37:17]


>>> That was charles krauthammer's opinion. Who benefited the most from last night's debate? Let's ask. Thank you both for joining us. The latest cnn poll says 48 percent say obama won, 40 percent romney. What do you think? 
>> It is no question president obama came out on top last night. I think what he did very effectively was make mitt romney an unacceptable alternative. Mitt romney came out last night and basically doubled down on agreeing with the president after two years of running as a severelconservative candidate. Mitt romney agreed with the president on so many different things. Foreign policy is so critically important we are putting troops in harm's way. We need a candidate who is sere serious about the issues and consistent. 
>> Moderate mitt that is pretty good. Mitt romney had to do three things last night. He had to prove he could pass the commander-in-chief test. He did. He had to prove he was well versed on foreign policy and had to approve he was not a war monger, he did. He was very presidential. He had to get mitt romney off of his momentum. He didn't do that. If we look at that mitt romney won. Charles krauthammer was right obama at times was very petty. It didn't look presidential. Mitt romney looked more presidential. Both had to go after the independent vote the undecided votes. It is clear conservatives will vote for mitt romney and liberals for obama. 
>> A strong economy is a pillar of a strong foreign policy. Bringing it back to the economy which some say it is not good for president obama. Was that an effective strategy? 

[00:39:17]


>> I think it is true. I would agree with romney foreign policy and domestic policy are critically related and important. What he left out was that the two wars that the bush administration fought created the deficit or a very large portion of the deficit that he railed against. I think it's important for romney to say he is not going to go to war with iran. When you have 70 percent of the advisors hold over from the bush administration that's a hard case. 
>> When people go to the ballot box they are going to vote their pocket books. Smart for mitt romney to bring it to the economy. If we don't have a strong america how can we be the leader of the free world? 
>> Thank you both for joining us this morning. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> Time now for your 5@5:30. The top five stories making news at this hour. A very troubling case of voter intimidation being unveiled in the key swing state of florida. Republican voters said they got bogus letters questioning their citizenship. It is from election supervisors but postmarked in seattle but the voters mprove their citizenship. The state attorney is investigating. 
>>> Police in new jersey say they have found the body of a missing 12-year-old girl. The community gathered to pray for autumn pasquale's safe return. 
>> She was seen vaet morning riding her bike to see a friend. She missed her curfew they called police. They fond her body in a recycling container. No details are released yet. Autumn would have turned 13 next week. 

[00:41:21]


>> Can drinking a can of monster kill you? The fda trying to figure that out as they try to get reports of five deaths linked to the energy drinks. One of the victims a 14-year-old maryland girl. She consumed two 24 ounce cans in two-days. One can contains 7 times the amount of could have fein -- caffeine in a 12 ounce soda. Her family is suing monster beverage company. 
>> Now you see it now you don't. The crosses on these student shoulders air brushed out. They are part of the painted posse a group of devout christians who paint their bodies in lsu colors. When they used the photo for the news letter they erased the religious reference. The reason they didn't want to quote offend any one. 1:00 p. Eastern time apple ceo tim cook expected to make a big announcement. The buzz surrounding the much anticipated ipad mini. It is rumored to be half of the size of a regular ipad and sell for about $300. Around 8:30 weekend co-teachers host clayton warren will have the very latest live from the big event in san jose, california. That is your 5@5:30. 
>> Before you head out of your house let's get your first degree weather update. Maria molina h it for us. 
>> We are tracking the tropics because it's extremely active out of the caribbean. We have tropical storm sandy looking more and more organized more thunderstorms blowing out near the center of the circulation. Tropics are very active. The storm will be moving over atlantic ocean as we head into this weekend. We need to have a close watch on the storm. Not forecast to make land fall across the southeastern u.S., though. Temperatures across the center OF THE COUNTRYWIDE SPREAD 80s Average on the cool side out west. Snow with higher elevations. Something we are keeping an eye on through out the sierras cascades and rockies. Firing up across the mississippi valley and the great lakes. 

[00:43:40]


>> The time now is 43 after the top of the hour. Coming up, shocking video a bomb in beirut goes off. Look at that. We have the entire tape and the aftermath that is up next. 
>>> Then it was the final faceoff between the two men vying to be commander-in-chief. Where do the candidates go from here? We have details in a live report. 

[00:47:20]


>> It is 47 after the top of the hour. Let's span the globe to see what is making headlines overseas. First to syria there's a video showing rebels test firing rockettes. You can see them cheering in the background. 
>> To lebanon where security video captured the moment a massive car bomb exploded. This was in beirut on friday. The explosion killed a top intelligence official and 7 others. They accused syria of being behind the attack. 
>>> The debateare over and back to the campaign trail. He starts the day headed to florida before heading to ohio. Romney holds two campaign rallies in nevada and colorado. Kelly wright is in washington with more on this. 
>> The two candidates are return to go the campaign trail as you mentioned. Of course their aim is to try to convince the american voters to vote for them to become the next president of the united states. They gave a preview of what they uld likely be talking about foreign policy national security, education and of force first and foremost the economy. Each candidate says they have the vision for moving america forward. 
>> Their final debate analysts conclude both candidates did extremely well and now candidates will be on a crazy pace of crisscrossing the country with much of the focus on winning voters and in the swing states where the electoral votes are very much up for grabs. The president is trying to push the fact that he has an economy. He has been able to work through the policies that have been going on. Then we have governor mitt romney who says he wants to move america forward by promising 12 million jobs. The president will travel as you mentioned. Joe biden will campaign with him in the battle ground state of ohio. Governor romney and paul ryan will travel to nevada and colorado. All of the adrenaline and focus on winning the battle ground. Back to you. 

[00:49:35]


>>> Kelly wright in washington. Thank you. The time now 49 after the hour. On the same day lance armstrong was banned for life from cycling another sports scandal may be getting ready to rock the football world. It involves stickums. We will explain. 
>>> It is your last chance to answer our question of the day. Did last night's debate affect your decision. 
>> Let's check in with brian kilmeade to see what's coming up on "fox & friends". 
>> We planned on watching the debate but unfortunately gretchen watched the giant win. We watched the debate and we will have it with bill o'reilly, laura ingram is here, senator john mccain gives reaction to him saying afghanistan 2014 pull out as well as iraq. Joe tripy will break things down. If up want a sense of what it was like in the obama camp bob barnett helps. 8 other presidential candidates get ready for the debate. All coming up on fox and friends. Don't miss a second. There will be a quiz at the end. This Bible changed the world. I'm Kirk Cameron. Four Hundred years ago our forefathers risked their lives to bring this Bible to the shores of America. Because it contained the principals for economic liberty, political liberty and religious freedom. The 1599 Geneva Bible. It was the first complete english translation, complete with chapters, numbered verses and 300,000 utterly unique study notes. It actually came out before the King James Version and because the government didn't authorize it, it was outlawed. But it was a Bible by the people, for the people, the book that built America. And now for the first time in 400 years it's available again in a beautiful leather edition. I have one, I want you to have yours too. Please visit GenevaBible.com and get your copy of this rare and historic version of God's Word today. Thank you and may God bless you. tell is? Every room deserves to look great. And every footstep should tell us we made the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, softest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all special order carpet. Been shopping so smart, cash back with your freedom card getting cash back on what? Close shave and haircut fan for the ceiling. You're gonna cool off that hoooounddd! Tonight you gotta get your cash back, on new slacks. Use freedom on lunch with jack. Everybody get! Everybody get! Get your cash back. Chase freedom. 6 minutes to the top of the hour. She donated her kidney to her boss and then she was fired. Debbie stevens was unjustly fired from her job at a long island car dealership. This paves the way for stevens to file a $15 million lawsuit against the dealership and her former boss. 

[00:54:22]


>>> Re the san diego chargers caught cheating during sunday's game? Line ref claims he confiscated a towel from an equipment manager that had a banned sticky substance on it. The substance helps players grab and hold on to the ball. The team denies the claims. The nfl is investigating. 
>>> It is time now for your brew on this responses. Last night president obama and mitt romney squared off in their third and final debate. We want to know did it influence your decision? 
>> Here are some of your responses. The debate served to strengthen my opinion that governor romney is very ready to become president. 
>> Paul caruso tweeted us I am sticking with romney. Last night didn't change anything for me. What foreign experience did obama have? None. 
>> Tom says no tonight's debate had no effect on my decision. The first debate told me all i need to do know. 
>> Thank you to all who responded you can keep the comments coming. 
>> Five minutes to the top of the hour. Coming up a high school soccer match turns into an all out brawl. The shocking melee that may lead to criminal charges. 
>> First can you figure out the word of the day? Stick around for the answer. ?????? ?????? 

[00:58:42]


>> a minute until the top of the hour. We'll look at the good, bad and ugly. First the good. A marine separated from a stray dog he befriended in afghanistan will be reunited with him. He raised $4000 to fly both. The man demanded money from the teller when he didn't get all of the money he went back and was arrested. A brawl broke out in a soccer game in minnesota. Several players are facing suspension. It is time now to get scrambled up and steve doocy is here. Can you guess the word of the day. 
>> Steve: Good morning ladies, 14. 
>> There it is. 
>> Steve:14 days until the big election. 
>> All right, just minutes from "fox and friends", it actually starts right now. Seconds. ?????? ?????? 
>> Gretchen: Good morning, everyone. It is tuesday, I am gretchen carlson, thanks so much for sharing your time with us. 

﻿Title: FOX and Friends
Description: News, features and interviews.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/7/1996
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Not before president obama out something we heard before. Blame president bush. 
>> Praise george bush as a good economic steward. >> Attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Gretchen: Mr. Mitt romney playing calm. We report you decide. 
>> Steve: Meanwhile president obama got under the president's skin. 
>> The president began what i call the apology tour. Going to the middle east and critizing america. 
>> Steve: The president said that was a whopper and we have the tape and will play it for you. 
>> Brian: We have a group of voters that could decide the election . "Fox and friends" starts right now. 
>> Gretchen: I thought we were going to hear it? 
>> Brian: Yeah. ?????? ?????? ?????? "fox and iends". Note ?????? 
>> nothing that governor romney said is true starting with the notion of apologizing. 
>> Mr. President, the reason i call it an apology tour you went to egypt, saudi arabia, turkey and iraq, and by the way you skipped israel, our closest friend in the region. But you went to the other nations. And by the way theyinoid you skipped israel. 
>> Both at home he has policiment >> attacking me is not an agend a. >> I am glad you realize al-qaida a threat. You said it was russia. 
>> I will not wear rose colored glasses when it come to russia and say to him i will have more flexibility after the election. We can't kill our way out of this mess. Our navy is smaller. 

[00:02:09]


>> You mentioned the navy. We have fewer ships than 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
>> Steve: That will not win the president any votes in the virginia or new port news area. It was ausy last night. 
>> Brian: I would say so. And I was stunned and I knew all of the experts were wrong and on the heels when I say it went to libya and hey, you said one thing and ambassador rice said either. And now a drone over head. Well, we know it is a difficult situation and fighting al-qaida. 
>> Gretchen: I mouth fell to the bed. 
>> Brian: I thought I can't believe what john mccain will. 
>> Gretchen: That isne of the huge headlines. Senior national correspondont john roberts up again and live in boca raton, florida. 
>> I am beginning to get used to this. 
>> Gretchen: Yeah. 
>> Dejavu. 
>> Steve: Oh, my goodness. 
>> Yes, you talk about last night's debate. It was more domestic than foreign policy than I have seen. Governor romney would try to bring it back in his wheel house and talk about a foreign policy that was based on strength. Economically and diplomatically peace through strength and president obama looking presidential and disabuse people that he is a waffling warmonger. The president tried to undercut tha and going on the attack from the beginning and including this exchange over mideast policy, watch. 
>> What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong steady leadership and not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. That is the opinions that you have offered throughout the campaign and it is not a recipe for american strength. 

[00:04:24]


>> Attacking is not an aa and attacking me is not deal the challenges in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there and stemmed tide of this violence. 
>> When it comes to the timing. President obama got 30 second and three debates it was more times but not the three minutes more. Quite surprising, libya was not more of a topic of discussion and quickly to evolved to an debate about al-qaida. Republicans were taken aback. Why didn't romney go on the time line and why al-qaida is gaining strengthment the romney campaign told me libya is an important issue it is not the issue that is moving voterss and why you're going to hear the candidates talking relentlessly on the question. Governor rum rhumb heading to las vegas . Sleepless 14 day two week grind in the election. 
>> Gretchen: That's a lot of the adjectives to decibe. John roberts thank you. The democrats were stunned and not just republicans. Stunned that mitt romney did not take that lay up of libya question. And wouldn't he? Last time around didn't go so well, also it didn't go so well the last time and you don't want a situation where the president can dominate on a topic that mitt romney should cominant. 
>> Steve: Last time you had candy crowley who played the character in the third debate and that throughout, going forward they will leave the surrogates to talk about libya. Clearly what was happen bob scheiffer did a good job. 

[00:06:30]


>> Brian: Very good. 
>> Steve: And for the most part mr. Obama was trying to punch and trying to get mr. Romney and he didn't take the bait. Did he pass the commander-in-chief test, yes. 
>> Brian: Yes, I have a few things to say. If you are pushing for the president you got to be happy. He made eye contact and clear and contest. He only blinked four times. I thought he was going to make a hole in mitt romney's skull. On your point to mitt romney on libya. I think he was prepared to say troops should have been in iraq and hardeline is wrong. But this time I am not getting into this fight. It was not like with candidates. He was not thinking quick enough. I thought it was all intentional. 
>> Gretchen: Playing it safe. 
>> Brian: Straat the time jick. America doesn't care enough even though it would be our benefit to have 10,000. But just leave that go and pick the spots that affect the economy and dig in on the autobail out and israel and jewish florida in florida and autobail out. 
>> Gretchen: But he didn't want president obama to say he was a war monger when those wars are not popular right thing. One thing he hit him though. Was the apologize of the president when he traveled to eak on behalf of america. This is why he believes president obama has been on a four year apology tour. 
>> Nothing that governor romney said is true. Starting with the notion of me apologizing. This is the biggest whopper that is told in the course of the campaign and every fact checker. 

[00:08:34]


>> Mr. President, the reason i call it an apologiy tour you went to the middle east and saudi arabia and turkey and iraq, by the way, you skipped israel, our closest friend in the region . You went to the other nation and by the way they did notice you skipped israel. 
>> Steve: The president called it a whopper. Whatactly did the president say back in 2009. We had somebody looking for the tape and here he is in france? 
>> Instead of celebrating your dynamic unionnd seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges, there has been times when america showed arrogance and dismissive and derisive. 
>> Brian: Mitt romney remembered those three words and went right back at him on that comment and set the tone of how that speech was digested and the president feels he raised our profile which the stats showed he doesn't. Raised it in france and slightly in england. 
>> Steve: One of the debate strategies you try to push someone to get into a fight with you. That generalic wise is behayou do when you are behind and commentators it seemed like mr. Romney, if you didn't know any better seemed like the president and mr. Obama was like the challenger trying to draw him in. 
>> How much do americans care about foreign policy . 10-15 percent say it is extremely important. One of the strategies was to turn the answers to the strong suits which is the economy which the election will come down to. How did they turn their answers romney and obama to focus on the commempt mitt romney had a response about the economy and president obama talked about teachers. 

[00:10:39]


>> Brian: Under -- >> under my leadership we worked with governors in 46 states and progress in gains in schools that are having a terrible time and finally starting to make progress . Now I want t hire more teachers especially in math and science. We know we have fallen behind when it come to math and science. 
>> I love teachers and I am happy to have states and communities that want to hire teachers b not the federal government pushing their way deeper in our schoolings. I was a governor of a state. I love teachers but I want to get the private sector. 
>> I always love teachers. 
>> Steve: Who won last night. Pretty much in the pundit class who ever their person was they say they won. Ultimately mr. Romney won the debate season. It was 3debates betwixt the three of them and how many people are going to vote come two weeks to the day on foreign affairs. 
>> Gretchen:48 percent. And 40 romney. Cbs went more in favor to obama. Now the rest of the headlines. Autumn's body was found earlier. Hundreds had gathered to pray for her safe return. Her family called police when she missed curfew. Her body was found in a recycling container. Autumn would have turned 13 next week. 
>> And fox news confirming a cia building was attacked. The cia was working out of the building. They have learned that the two of the murdered merrence. Were hit by a mortar round seven hours after the attack began and they were defending the cia building. 

[00:13:03]


>> Brian: Giants come back once again. 
>> That should end it. Second straight series giants won the game in. And giantts will host the tigers tomorrow night. San francisco won it all two years ago. 
>> Steve: Very nice. Straight ahead, it is supposed to give you an energy boost but instead, it coming up with aarning, it might kill you. 
>> Gretchen: Did mitt romney miss the boat on not hitting libya last night. The winning strategy, next. mickelson. I've been fortunate to win on golf's biggest stag but when joint pain and stiffness from psoriatic arthritis hit, even the smallest things became difficult. I finally understood what serious joint pain is like. I talked to my rheumatologist and he prescribed Enbrel. Enbrel CAN HELP RELIEVE PAIN, STIFFNESS, And stop joint damage. BECAUSE Enbrel, ETANERCEPT, SUPPRESSES YOUR Immune system, it may lower your ability to fight infections. Serious, sometimes fatal events including infections, tuberculosis, lymphoma, other cancers, and nervous system and blood disorders have occurred. BEFORE STARTING Enbrel, Your doctor should test you for tuberculosis and discuss whether you've been to a region where certain fungal infections are common. DON'T START Enbrel IF YOU HAVE AN INFECTION Like the flu. Tell your doctor if you're prone to infections, have cuts or sores, have had hepatitis b, have been treated for heart failure, OR IF, WHILEN Enbrel, YOU EXPERICE PERSISTENT Fever, bruising, bleeding, or paleness. 

[00:15:18]


[ Phil ] GET BACK TO THE THINGSTTTHAT MATTER Most. For you. 
[ Doctor ] Enbrel, THE NUMBER ONE BIOLOG Medicine prescribed by rheumatologists. hospital wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 
[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] 
>> Gretchen: First question in lastt night's debate libya . Questions over the white house response to the situation. Governor rum rhumb stopped short of slammine administration much was this say good strategy. We'll ask the co-octoberor of the book "here come the black helicopters". 
>> I thought it was not. I think he should have gone after him on libya and he should have focused on it. Because there is no better way to inside the idea of moral equivulence than the way obama handled libya. That guy shot that guy. 

[00:17:34]


>> Gretchen: So why? 
>> I think he was trying not to get enmeshed in that and he felt in the first half hour he was playying preventt defense and is what teams do when they are ahead in the fourth quarter and they give up's touchdown when they do that. And he was much too passive. But he recovered and on the whole he did welln the debate. First half hour I was unimpressed. I said this is going to be a long night. 
>> Gretchen: If you were on the strategy team. At what point do you make the decision not to attack. 
>> I think he got lost in the weeds last time. The main goal of romney in this debate other than to move it to domestical policy. The image of him getting us in a war and shoot from the hip and be a cowboy and w propagated to obama and he set that to rest. 
>> In fact obama called him reckless. He moved it back to the economy because that is what people are going to vote on. 
>> Obama doesn't try to defend his record on the commempt >> 
Gretchen: On this statement from romney. 
>> I will get us on traco a balanced budget. The president's path will decline our take home pay. I want make sure we grow. I want people to get good jobs. My legislature in my state was 87 percent democrat and i learned how to get alongg. We have to do that in washington. Washington is brokennd i know what it take to get the country back. We'll work with democrats and republicans. 

[00:19:43]


>> It is all about the deme. 
>> Those were three great sound bites. Cut food stamps not by cutting the program but by getting people jobs . Focusing on take home pay. He's getting out of the realm of t economics and in to the real of the average person and bipartisan in massachusetts, that is important becau obama looked more partisan and romney rose above him. This is a debate that obama won on foreign policy and loss in economy. Therefore it is a loss. 
>> Gretchen: Dick saiding there is nothing magical about the buck eye state . A casino that should look like ocean's 11 but didn't. 160 million in your vault tonight. Nespresso. Where there's a coffee to match my every mood. ?????? ?????? where just one touch creates the perfect cup. Where every cappuccino and latte is made with fresh milk. ?????? ?????? and where clothing is optional. Nespresso. What else? ] day with less chronic osteoarthritis pain. Imagine living your life with less chronic low back pain. Imagine you, with less pain. Cymbalta can help. Cymbalta is fda-approved to manage chronic musculoskeletal pain. One non-narcotic pill a day, every day, can help reduce this pain. Tell your doctoright away if your mood worsens, you have unusual changes in mood or behavior or thoughts of suicide. Antidepressants can increase these in children, teens, and young adults. Cymbalta is not approved for children under 18. People taking maois or thioridazine or with uncontrolled glaucoma should not take cymbalta. Taking it with nsaid pain relievers, aspirin, or blood thinners may increase bleeding risk. Severe liver problems, some fatal, were reported. Signs include abdominal pain and yellowing skin or eyes. Tell your doctor about all your medicines, including those for migraine and while on cymbal, call right away if you have high fever, confusion and stiff muscles or serious allergic skin reactions like blisters, peeling rash, hives, or mouth sores to address possible life-threatening conditions. Talk about your alcohol use, liver diase and before you reduce or stop cymbalta. Dizziness or fainting may ocr upon standing. Ask your doctor about cymbalta. Imagine you with less pain. Cymbalta can help. Go to cymbalta.Com to learn about a free trial offer. 

[00:23:59]


>> Steve: Got quick headlines . He lost his seven tour de france titles and n now may lose millions of dollars. Sca promotions that paid lance armstrong 12 million for the victories said it may sue to get theirr money back. Is organic food better for kids. American academy of pediatrics said not necessarily. Pesticide free food is not safer or more nutritious. That is because there is not enough long-term research. 
>> Brian: Spray my stuff down with raidd. 
Mr.1: Happy too on. Latest polls show romney falling behind president obama and they may not matter. 
>> Gretchen: There is another way he believes that romney can win without the buck eye state. Lay it out for us. We hear how ohio goes goes the election. 
>> First of all that poll is not accurate. The polls that I trust and look at show ohio as a dead tie and show romney gaining than falling back. The obsession is misplaced. Clearwater politics put 206 votes for romney. He is six points ahead in florida and five points ahead in virginia and four points ahead in colorado, you add them together you are at 257 of the 270 and then 90 electoral votes in new hampshire, nevada and ohio . Pennsylvania and michigan and minnesota and wisconsin. Any one of those large states or one plus one of the smaller states is enough to win. Right now he is tied in ohio. He's three points ahead in pennsylvania in three different polls, ohio has 18 votes and pennsylvania 20. It took place when ohio had 25 . Now 18. A thirdd of ohio is in florida. 

[00:26:13]


>> Right. 
>> Brian: I felt that the president and lockked horps thinking of ohio. And the fact check for mitt romneyy editorial worked in his behalf. He described what he wanted do with the auto industry. And the president wants women back. Did he help with this sound bite? Let's listen. We have to protect religious minority and womens because these countries can't develop unless all of the population did is developed. They can't develop if the young people are the given. And whether supporting women rights and religious minorits and they can say that the president of the united states and united states of america has stood on the right side of history. 
>> Brian: With the arab spripping nothing positive. 
>> Steve: I was amazed romney didn't bring up the muslim brotherhood ledd to extremist back in power. 
>> But the women's vote in the debate. One of the big things romney accomplished talking about how he is peace love not support war and he didn't think we needed to go to war in iran or send froopps in syria and all of that stuff was to debunk the idea the idea that he is a warmongered. Women were worried he was a bush 43 shoot fromm the hip and he over that. The main thing that happened last night was not foreign policy. Romney won the economic debate . Obama's view on the economy is ridiculouss and doesn't defend his record well I think it will continue. Rumny's momentum to the nomination. I think it will be unslackened and accelerate and more confident than ever we will have rum rhumb will have a land slide. 48 percent in the popular and 300 to 350 in the electoral vote. 

[00:28:28]


>> Brian: Out on a limb. 
>> I live on the lim. 
>> Brian: I know you do. I have seen your limb. The popular drink is coming with an unexpected warning. It could kill you . 
>> Gretchen: Got to hear that. He's seen the education tables. Who does the judge blame for the benghazi? 
>> Brian: Happy birthday to a guy who makes up weird words to songings. Weird al yankovic. He will be 53 years old. ?????? ?????? ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] YOU CAN ALWAYS MEASURE The growth of your children By the way they clean themselves in the bathroom. TtVWKUN+og#WVS#q'PPU;V?2V.AC=u!L4'p/Wl??k??0K9%"@NKGH@??&;PT Try charmin ultra strong. With a new duraclean texture, charmin ultra strong helps you get clean. Plus it's four times stronger than the leading value brand. And you can use to four times less. Good news for even the biggest kids in the family. We all go. Why not enjoy the go with charmin ultra strong? man. He's, he's on my back about providing for his little girl. Hey don't worry. E-trade's got a killer investing dashboard. Everything is on one page. I'm watching you. Oh yeah? Well I'm watching you, watching him. 
[ Male Announcer ] TRY THE E-TRADE 360 INVESTING Dashboard. yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet? 

[00:30:44]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE QUESTION We ask ourselves every day. Is it the safest, the most efficient? The kind of vehicle to move not just people... But an industry forward? Are we there yet? Are we really? 
[ Male Announcer ] ARE WE THERE YET? We are, for now. Introducing the all-new seven passenger gl. Motor trend's 2013 sport utility of the year. Mercedes-benz. The best or nothing. New pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY? 5-hour ENERGY supports the avon Foundation for Women Breast Cancer Crusade. So I can get the energized feeling I need and support a great cause? I'm sold. Pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY? Yeah and a portion of every sale goes to the Avon Foundation for Women Breast Cancer Crusade. I'm sold. New pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY. Get the alert, energized feeling you need and support breast cancer research and access to care. 

[00:32:56]


>> The final predential debate was held moderated by bob. Most florida residents call that a twean. And they have to say who is the fresh meat? 
>> Brian: He's the mvp of all four debates. The attack on the u.S. Consulate took a smaller rel. 
>> Gretchen: President obama defended his over all policy with this? I and americans took leadership in organizing an international coalition that made sure without putting troops on the ground and cost of less than what we spent in two week in iraq. Liberated a country under the dictatorship 40 years. 
>> Steve: Judge napolitano has written a column about the president's handling of >> it is nice to be the tween on this couch. 
>> Steve: Judge, you wrote the colume and wrote the cables. Cuseparate fact from fairy tales. 
>> The cables they saw came from members of the intelligence community on the ground in libya and sent on september 12th. The day after the murder of the ambassor and his colleagues and set forth the role of al-qaida in this invasion. 
>> The day after. That is four days before un embassy susan rice was dispatched by the white house to create a false impression that it was a spontanous political demonstration and cultural aversion to a 15 garbage film that someone in california made temperature is inconceivable that the cables I saw that the white house did not see. It is easy to see that the white house intentionally deceived the american people by what happened. The president created the mess himself. Qaddafi was a monster no question about it. But in ridding the country of qaddafi the president destroyed opportunities for the libyas to govern. Who is controlling libya? Roving gangs. One of those gangs attacked our embassy. 

[00:35:35]


>> Gretchen: Some republicans were agreement in going into libya. Senator john mccain? 
>> Yes, it would be better if congress declared war. When the president said no bootos the ground are detect. But there were intelligence agents and special ops were on the ground. They were not a unformed military. The president didn't seek the consent of the congress and he destroyed the libya government and military and intelligence community and national police and equivalent to the f.B.I. And destroyed the local police and the government that replaced qaddafi is incapable of governing and that was out there. 
>> Brian: It is so interesting that governor romney, no one doubts his ability. He decided for another day. I am not going there and leave it to mccain. 
>> I was disappointed he chose to take a step back. I think I understand his strategy. His strategy was to be presidential and to me by not taking the debate and responding only once to sort of the petty sniping of the president. 
>> Steve: There a lot. 
>> Romney seemed presidential. 
>> Brian: No one was talking about a gaffe. 
>> Dick morris makes a point. Governor romney seemed far more presidential than the current president in the white house. 
>> Steve: Right now, we have headlines for you. Extreme weather alert. Hurk hurkk season not over yet even though we are inn october and a tropical storm sandy picking up strength down in the caribbean. She is expected to hit jamaica wednesday and bringging heavy rain and severe flooding before aiming at the east coast. Florida all the way up to new england could see destructive wind and heavy down pours by this weekend. 

[00:37:40]


>> Brian: Look out castro. It may have been a casino het but nothing like ocean's 11. ?????? ?????? this town your luck can change that quickly. 
>> Find out how much money we have down there. 
>> Anything more like dumber and dumber. This man stole casino chips and went to the venition. They are only used by a small number of high rollers and making it unlikely he will catch in the chipps. Your serve, sir. 
>> Gretchen: Can a monster drink kill you? There are five deaths link would to a drink. A 14 year old girl drank 24 hour ounce cans. One can of monster contains 7 amounts of caffeine as a 12 ounce soda. 
>> Steve: The lg company pranking elevator riders by making them think they are about to die. 
>> Wha 
>> Steve: The elevator tricks riders to thinking it is floor is. That is so real it is scary. 
>> Brian: It scared me. 
>> Gretchen: Tower of terror and you feel like it is not coming back up. 
>> Brian: Right. 
>> Gretchen: Why didn't she just call in sick? 
>> Brian: And frank luntwherecalls it the most powerful statement of all four debates and came from the president. So I couldn't find myself. Did the voters agree. Stick around. Winning. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? I'm in love. ?????? I'm a believer ?????? I couldn't leave her if I tried. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choorom? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. Sometimes life can be well, a little uncomfortable. But when it's hard or hurts to go to the bathroom, there's dulcolax stool softener. Dulcolax stool softener doesn't make you go, it just makes it easierto go. Dulcolax stool softener. Make yourself comfortable. Card One, Thor's Couture GETS THE MOST REWARDS Of any small business credit card. Your boa! 

[00:41:16]


[ Garth ] THOR'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS DOUBLE Miles on every purchase, every day! Card. 
[ Garth ] WHY SETTLE FOR LESS? The spikedeels are working. Wait! 
[ Garth ] GREAT BUSINESSES DESERVE THE MOST Rewards! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark siness Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with double miles or 2% cash back on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? 
[ cheers and applause ] bullpen. Here he comes. You wouldn't want your doctor doing your job, the pitch! Whoa! So why are you doing his? Only your doctor can determine if your persistent heartburn is actually something more serious like acid reflux disease. Over time, stomach acid can damage the lining of your esophagus. For many, prescription nexium not only provides 24-hour heartburn relief, but can also help heal acid-related erosions in the lining of your esophagus. Talk to your doctor about the risk for osteoporosis-related bone fractures and low magnesium levels with long-term use of nexium. Possible side effects include headache, diarrhea, and abdominal pain. Other serious stomach conditions may sll exist. Let your doctor do his job. And you do yours. Ask if nexium is right for you. If you can't afford your medication, astrazeneca may be able to help. business door? Email marketing from constant contact reaches people in a place they're checking every day -- their inbox. And it gives you the tools to create custom emails that drive business. It's just one of the ways constant contact can help you grow your small business. Sign up for your free trial today AT ConstantContact.com/Try. 
>> Gretchen:43 minutes after the top of the hour. Apple ceo tim cook expected to make a big announcement. The buzz surrounding the ipad mini. Less than two hours go live to clayton morris who is live in california for the event. How much will it weigh? She couldn't call in sick. She was found tied up and claimed she was abducted and robbed. Lice foundurveillance video of her alleged kidnapping, she fessed up she didn't want to go to work. 

[00:43:52]


>> Steve: If she had won that would change the story. What did the voters think of the candidates in the final debate in boca? Frank luntz our buddy watched it with them and has their immediate reaction. 
>> Some of the most important people are here. Floating swing voters here in voters and they thought barack obama had a good night. Why did barack do so well. 
>> He pointed out the highlight of the foreign policy was death of osama bin laden. 
>> He did a good job of explaining what he did and purpose and direction we are going in. 
>> He was consistent and we need to keep him in office and go on forward. 
>> He was presidential and answered the questions truthfully. 
>> Short fall. Even though he got obama or bin laden. 
>> Knowledgeable. Assertive and had the right attitude. 
>> Able to execute the foreign policy. 
>> I feel he was controlled in all of his answers. 
>> So what was it? , You thought performed better than expectations, why? Anybody. 
>> Obama made a strong opening when he mentioned that romney would continue with the economic policy of 19twen FOREIGN POLICY OF 1980s Continue to attack romney and I didn't feel like romney responded. 
>> Sarcas'm can take you a long way. 
>> You thought it was the best line of the bunch. 
>> He is intelient and more aggressive this time around. 
>> There was a line that he used about bin laden and 9/11 that was powerful to you all.. I want to show you. Even though it scored high. It is what you couldn't see the reaction of the focus group that was powerful. Let's lo 
>> when it comes to going after osama bin laden you said any president would make that call. When you are a cappedidate in 2008, as I was. If I got bin ladenid would take that shot, you said we shouldn't move heaven anderth. We should ask pakistan for permission. We would not have gotten them and it was worth moving heaven and earth to get them. 

[00:46:14]


>> Of all four debates that was the most powerful comment I heard. 
>> He said he would move heaven and hell. I am a aupt and have three nieces and and I will back someone. 
>> You are nodding your head. What was significant and why was it emotionam. 
>> Energy he used for saying those words. 
>> Spoke to our hearts. It brought out strong feelings. 
>> Obama was strong when they talked foreign policy and romney was strong on the economy. He was confident. Obama was confident when he dealth foreign policy. But mitt romney took the agenda when dealt with economic. 
>> Staying with obama. 
>> Statement to show his level to protect and secure the american people and he will go after any economy that threatens us. 
>> You felt positive about that correct? 
>> One of the most powerful statements of the campaign and you will hear it replayed and that's why they thought obama barack did well in the financial presidential debate. 
>> Steve: We'll stay w the same group of mitt romney's performance in the next hour. Stay with us. The president thought it was funny but not everyone is laughing this morning. 
>> The navy for example . Fewer ships in 1916. Governor we have fewer horses and bayonets. Is our national security a joke. A navy seal here to react coming up next . It is one of the most awesome discoveries, a whale imitating human speech. 

[00:48:15]


(Whale sounds) over choices of Green Giant vegetables it's easy to eat like a giant... ?????? ?????? and feel like a Green Giant. ?????? ?????? Ho Ho Ho ?????? Green Giant ?????? ??? 
[ Male Announcer ] JILL AND HER MOUTH HAVE Lived a great life. But she has some dental issues she's not happy about. So I introduced jill to crest pro-health for life. Selected for people over 50. Pro-health for life is a toothpaste that defends against tender, inflamed gums, sensitivity and weak enamel. Conditions people over 50 experience. Crest pro-health for life. So jill can keep living the good life. Crest. Life opens up when you do. Al-qaida is much weaker than it was when I came in office. 

[00:52:07]


>> Brian: The candidates not seeing eye to eye. Is the terrorist group really weaker? We are joined by a navy seal who is fighting. Scott, both candidates weighed in al-qaida and are they weaker today than four years ago? 
>> To say that the core leadership of al-qaida is misleading. Of course we took out bin laden and that is great and i applaud everybody. But al-qaida is not affiliate in many different countris and bin laden hasn't been calling the shots in those organizations since 2001. The statement is misleading. 
>> Brian: You think that governor mitt romney was right when he said you can't kill our way out of this? 
>> Brian: I do think he's right. It is a decentralized organization . You have affiliates that are springing up and popping up in countries across the world. It is like a game, lacamow. You can't do that and to say the core leadership is decimated. That is misleading. 
>> Brian: People concerned about the defense cuts and governor romney brought it up and here's the response from president obama. Let's listen. 
>> Our navy is smaller than the 1917. 
>> Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
>> We still do have bayonets. It was a cheap shot and weak joke and not presidential. 
>> Brian: I believe we need ships because of oceans . Could someone tell china to stop builds ships that we don't use. It was odd that governor romney didn't have a chance to follow up on that one. 
>> Of course they are not ou of the date. That's how most of the cargo gets transported and we need sea lanes open for trade. 

[00:54:14]


>> Brian: You heard both men speak 90 minutes about things that matter a lot to you and what you have done for a living. Who keeps america safer? 
>> Let me first say thousands of men and women who are putting their lives on the line and I couldn't be more proud of them. I think with the lack of leadership and the disengagement in the middle middle and manufactured false narrative, I think governor romney will keep us strong at home and help us be strong at over's ises. His world view is rooted in rhetoric . I think he will be the next president of the united states. 
>> Brian: We are all out of the afghanistan in 2014, are you okay with romney saying that. And obama doing that. 
>> As long as we listen to the commanders on the and I am okay if the conditions us pulling out, absolutely in a safe and smart way. 
>> Brian: Former navy seal scott taylor. Thank you for joining us and your service. 
>> Thank you, god bless you guys. 
>> How did the moderator bob do? Kids look at the dealer book. If you are popular now, you will be rich later? That is good news for fonji. ?????? Mr. Big stuff .... ?????? Who do you think you are? ?????? Mr. Big stuff, you never going to get my love. ?????? Now I know all of the girls, I seen you with. ?????? ?????? . One. Two. Three. My credit card rewards are easy to remember. With the bankamericard cash wards credit card, I earn 1% cash back everywhere, every time. 

[00:57:16]


[ Both ] 2% BACK ON GROCERIES. 
[ All ] 3% ON GAS! No hoops to jump through. I earn more cash back on the things I buy most. 
[ Woman in pet store ] IT'S AS EASY AS... 
[ All ] ONE! 
-TWO. -[ All ] THREE! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE BANKAMERICARD CASH Rewards credit card. Apply online or at a bank of america near you. found world. ?????? ?????? nespresso. Where there's a coffee to match my every mood. ?????? ?????? where just one touch creates the perfect cup. Where every cappuccino and latte is made with fresh milk. ?????? ?????? and where clothing is optional. Nespresso. What else? ] boost. Flavor boost, meet beef. It's swanson flavor boost. Concentrated broth to add delicious flavor to your skillet dish in just one stir. Mmm! 
[ Female Announcer ] COOK, MEET COMPLIMENTS. Get recipes at flavorboost.Com. 
>> Good morning. It's tuesday, october 2012. Thanks for sharing your final with us. Each gretchen carlson. 

[00:59:21]


>> Let us it tell you what is happening. It was the presidential debate and obama came out swinging. By the way, did he have the facts? 
>> You skipped us scream you went to the other nations and by the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> Did romney prove that he could be commander in chief, as well? We report and you decide. 
>> The president very clear on why his foreign policy is working. 
>> You've got to be clear, both to our allies and to our enemies, about where you stand and what you mean. 
>> But was the president clear on what happened in benghazi? John mccain will answer that, I'm sure. 
>> And can whales talk like people? 
>> Of course. 
>> You think so? 
>> Yeah. 
>> I have some audiotape. And that has the experts like yourself says yes. >> 
[sounds.] 
>> he's saying something about I'm trapped in the body of a whale? 
>> There you go. It might be jonah. 
>> "Fox and friends," hour two, starts right now. 
>> Nothing that gov. Romney just said is true, starting with this motion of me apologizing. 
>> The reasowhy I call it an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and you flew toegypt and saudi arabia and iraq and by the way you, skipped israel and they noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> He has proposed long and reckless policy. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> I'm glad you recognize al-qaeda is a threat because a few months ago when you asked what is the biggest gio physical threat facing america and you said russia. 

[01:01:27]


>> I'm not going to wear rose colored classes when it comes to russia. And I'm not going to give him more flexibility after the election. I congratulations him on things but we can't kill our way out of this mess. Our navy is smaller now. 
>> You mentioned the navy and we are fewer ships can we did in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonettes. What did you think about that? Send in your e-mails. 
>> Someone should tell the chinese that the ship things are out-of-date because they are nailing them together like christopher column because making the nina. 
>> There it is. It was the battle of boca. Mitt romney had a high bar to hurdle, and that was it prove that he was suitable to be the commander in chief. You know what? At the end of the hour and a half, he certainly did just that. 
>> He held his own. There were no gaffes. Some people might criticize mitt romney for not being as much an the attack. We will debate that in a moment. First john roberts live for us in boca raton, florida with more on the debate. Good morning, john. 
>> Good morning. The president came here last night to boca raton loaded full of snark, tried to cut mitt romney off at the knees on everything he could, from his recent trip to israel to what some called condescending. 

[01:03:27]


>> At home and afraud he has proposed long and reckless policies. He's praised george bush as a good ecovomic stewart and dick cheney as someone who shows great wisdom and judgment and taking us back to those strategies that got us into this mess are not the way we are going to maintain leadership in the 21st century. 
>> Gov. Romney, wrong and reckless policies? 
>> I've got a policy for the future and an agenda for the future, and when it comes to our economy here at home, I know what it creates to create 12 million new jobs and rising take-home pay. What we've seen the last four years is something I don't want to see over the next four years. 
>> There was an awful lot of talk about domestic policy in what was a foreign policy debate. And talking about domestic policy, the auto industry bailout, the president had a major fact check faux pas what when he said he won have provided money to go through a bankruptcy. In fact when he said about the auto bankruptcyhere's what the gov knorr said. Quote,. 
>> So he did offer up some federal money. One of the biggest surprises of the night is gov. Romney didn't go after the president on the libyan timeline. According to the romney people, it said the question was asked in such a way it looked like it WAS TALK BACK al-QAEDA AND Going back to libya would look like it was a force the attack. And the last time he talkbout lib jacques it didn't go so well for romney. Guys. 
>> Thanks so watch. We will check back in with you. 
>> And something else gov. Romney got wrong is when he was the governor of the great state of massachusetts, and. Romney knew his record and the president of the united states did not. It's interesting as we look back. Clearly the president of the united states needed a big win given the momentum currently at mitt romney's back. Did he get it? Well, you have to ask yourself how many people actually will vote two weeks from today for president of the united states based on foreign affairs or will they vote on their pocketbook issues? Probably money. 

[01:05:40]


>> I think the middle of it and where the president dominated was kind of surprised the governor did not come back about troops being left in iraq and the hard time frame in 2014 in afghanistan. Where he thought gov. Romney dug in again was china and israel. And when I thought he dug in really strongly was the auto bailout. Bailout, iowa and michigan. And it's not like he didn't have answers, it wasn't like it was moving too fast for him. I think this was his strategy and that's why I can't wait to see your panel to see if they have -- known expected that. I didn't think, anyway. No one predicted it that I saw on television or radio. 
>> A lot people good predict there would be common groun answers becaus've seen romney-ryan agree with obama biden on afghanistan, for example. I think what some people were surprised about is syria. But probably why he would agree with obama on not sending in troops because obama in past debates and out on the stump have called mitt romney a warmonger. The idea that he would even in sin wait that would be boots on the ground, obama would be there saying there you go again, you are like press bush, want to go to war. Whether that was the right or wrong strategy, we will have to see as the day pro grosses. 
>> If you watched the debate in total, mr. Romney did not seem like a warmonger. He did not seem like dick cheney. 
>> By the way, they aren't war amongers. 
>> Mitt romney, you know, has been -- the other side has been tryio depict him as a cartoon character and he simply was no. Mitt romney let the president of the united states have it at one point referring to the apology tour that the president started shortly after he came into office. There was some back and forth on that. If you missed it, we have 33 seconds of it. Watch. 

[01:07:43]


>> Nothing gov. Romney just said is true. Starting with this motion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. And every fact checker and every reporter that's looked at it. 
>> Mr. President, the reason i call it an apology tour is beuse you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq, and by the way, you skipped israel, our closest friend in the region. But you went to the other nations. And by the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> Well, it was, he did in his speech, it felt like an an apology, and it really was if you read the text. 
>> In 2009 when he was in france the president said instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking a partner for you to seek common challenges, there's been times america has shown -- even been dismiss I have. In the meantime what mitt romney kept coming back to in the foreign policy debate is the economy. And they are rinked when youre talking about china. I think this is was mitt romney's strong point. This is where he won the first debate, focusing on the economy. That's probably what people will vote on two weeks from today. Here's mitt romney and the president on the economy. 
>> The mantel of leadership for promoting the principles of peace has fallen to america. We didn't is it ask for it but it's anemone nor we have it. But it requires us to be strong and that begins with a strong economy here at home. Unfortunately the economy is not stronger. When the president of iraq -- excuse me, of iran, ahmadinejad, said our debt makes us ot a great country, that's a frightening thing. We need to have as well a strong military. Our military is second to none in the world. But unfortunately in no where in the world is america's influence greater today than it was four years ago. 

[01:09:45]


>> And mitt romney really hit the president on, you know, mr. President, you can't really go through with those sequester cuss. They will be gigantic and they will gut our military. This is what really shocked officials in washington last night. The president of the united states said regard, the sequester, it will not happen. 
>> He also said starting with congress, which is not true. 
>> And the president actually signed the sequester bill into law. 
>> It was his idea to put the defense on the docket. 
>> And shortly after the debate the spin room started spinning and david came out and said the president meant to say that the sequester should not happen. So the president has a little explaining to do regarding that. 
>> Because his defense secretary is on record saying $500 billion would be catastrophic for our defense. 
>> And he loses his leverage as had discussion goes forward after the election because the equester hits january 1st and now he's come out and admitted it's not going to happen, so it's probably not going to happen. All right. We have a couple minutes to discuss, how did you think bob scheifer did from cbs news as the moderator. Other than giving president obama the least amount of time advantage in all the debates. President obama had just under a minute more than mitt romney. 41 seconds. 
>> Almost even. And if you look at the interruptedness chart you will see romney was interrupted 8 times and president obama six. So far different from the other debates when, for example, paul ryan was interrupted way more times than joe biden, by joe biden himself and also the moderator. 
>> Martha raditz. Let's listen. 
>> On the path to a nuclear weapon. 
>> We will get to that but let's give the president a chance. 
>> Governor, here is one thing 
-- 
>> let him speak. 
>> Here is one thing I learned at commander in chief. 
>> No where in the world is america's influence greater today than it was four years ago. 

[01:11:48]


>> You are going to get a chance to respond to that because that's a perfect seque into our next segment. Let's go, and that leads us, this takes us right to the next segment, governor. America's longest war, afghanistan and pakistan. 
>> Bob, governor -- 
>> but you can't have the president just lay out a whole series items without giving me a chance to respond. 
>> With respect, sir, you laidout quite a program there. 
>> Okay. So bob scheifer did a pretty good job, for the most part. He did commit one gaffe, though, at one point h@ referred to obama as bin laden. Suddenly candy crowley looked like she was off the hook. But a slip of the tongue. It happens. 
>> A lot of people have made that unfortunate error at the same time. All right. We talk about the interrupting times, 8 versus 6. Let us know what you thought about that. 
>> Meanwhile last night the president appeared proud of his foreign policy. 
>> You've got to be clear, both to our allies and our enemies, about where you stand and what you mean. 
>> What about what happened in libya? Senator john mccain reacts next. 
>> Then, now you see him, now you don't. One college erases the crosses off of their christian football fan shirts. Why did they do that? We will tell you. ?????? ?????? Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brandto choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. couple Miles For their "destination wedding." Double miles you can "actually" use. But with those single mile travel cards... 

[01:14:30]


[ Bridesmaid ] BLACKED OUT... BUT I'M A BRIDESMAID. Oh! "X" marks the spot she'll never sit. But I bought a dress! A toast... ...TO THE Capital One Venture Card. Fly any airline, any flight, anytime. Double miles you can actually u. What a coincidence? What's in your wallet? 
[ all screaming ] Watch the elbows ladies. now. Try this... Bayer? This isn't just a headache. TRUST ME, THIS IS NEW Bayer Migraine. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE POWER OF Aspirin Plus more in a triple action formula to relieve your tough migraines. NEW Bayer Migraine Formula. 16 minutes aft top of the hour. Quick headlines. The troubling case of voter in tim nation may be emerging in the key swing state of florida. People said they received letters questioning their citizenship. They are purportedly from election supervisors but they are mailed from seattle. One say it's an attempt to scare republicans. 

[01:16:52]


>>> And scientists are excited over the discovery they say whales can actually talk to us? 
>> Inaudible noises. 
>> That's the sound after white beluga whale called knock. They believe he discovered human like sounds to interact with his trainer. 
>>> President obama attempts to defend his record abroad and slam mitt romney's policies. 
>> What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership, not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we are going to dole with the challenges that exist in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there and stem the tied of this violence. 
>> Here's o thing I've learned as commander in chief. You have to be clear, both to our allies and to our enemies, about where you stand and what you mean. 
>> But has president obama been clear about what's happened in libya? Senator john mccain joins us. Senator first off, were you surprised gov. Romney did not drill down on the libya debacle? 
>> Well, I think in my view it probably would have been something that was on the agenda, but I you think also that mitt romney did the job that he needed to do and that was to show the american people that he has the qualities necessary to be the commander in chief. Whereas the president again had his snarky, cheap shot remarks that are both nonpresidential and not likable. 
>> Senator, you are the only person in the world that's ever been across a presidential debate stage from the president. And you said during the course of the 90 minutes he told a number of whoppers. 
>> One to start with is in business of leaving a residual force in iraq. They always planned on it but because of their lack of any influence there, that failed. But more importantly, iraq is unraveling. Al-qaida, the numbers have doubled. Al-qaida is on the resurgence throughout the middle east. Anybody will tell you that, whether it be in mali, northern mali where they have taken over and all across northern africa and iraq the violence is way up. We won the war and lost the peace. 

[01:19:20]


>> Were you surprised he agreed so much with the president' policy in syria, for the most part iran, iraq, afghanistan? 
>> I don't think he agreed with about iran. He said mitt ro made it very clear that we are weaker than we were four years ago. There's no doubt about that. By the way, this line about horses and swords, whatever it was, that's just snarky. That's just snarky. I every did that to the community organizer about his experience back in 2008. Maybe I should have. But the point is -- although i never would have. But the point is his ridicule of mitt romney was both unpresidential and, frankly, in my viewnacceptable. But the fact is that the president tried to act like, for example, with israel. Our relations with israel have not been worse since I don't know how long. But the fact is that I think that mitt romney showed the american people that he's fully qualified to lead. And this president is clearly not. 
>> All right. Senator john mccain joining us from the debate site in boca raton. We know you have a busy morning. Thanks for dropping by. 
>> Thanks for having me on. 
>> And by new evidence you are not better off than you were four years ago. Stuart varney is up next with news the president may not want to hear. 
>> What are we going to do? 
>> The question is what are we not going to do? Then I heard this news about a multivitamin study looking at long-term health benefits for men over 50. The one they used in that study... Centrum silver. That's what I take. My doctor! He knows his stuff. 
[ Male Announcer ] CENTRUM SILVER. The most recommended. Most preferred. Most studied. Centrum, always your most complete. over choices of Green Giant vegetables it's easy to eat like a giant... ?????? ?????? and feel like a Green Giant. ?????? ?????? Ho Ho Ho ?????? Green Giant ?????? a together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 

[01:23:45]


[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 
>> Time for your news by the numbers on this tuesday morning. First, $885 million. That's how much solyndra may have cost us. The number more than doubled what you, the taxpayer, originally invested in the failed solar company. A court recently okayed it's bankruptcy despite objections from the government. Next. And finally, 2%. That's how much you will make if you are pop har in high school. A person found people like ferris buehler, who can adjust to any social relationship, have better relationships in college and in the workforce and end up making 2% more money. Now you know. Brian, mr. Popularity? 
>> In many ways mitt romney succeeded last night by shifting the debate to one issue that americans care most about. 
>> In order to be able to fulfill our role in the world, america must be strong. America must lead. And for that to happen we have to strengthen our economy here at home. You can't have 23 million people struggling to get a job. You can't have an economy that over the last three years keeps slowing down it's growth rate. You can't have kids coming out of college, half of whom can't find a job today or a job that's commensurate with their college degree. We have to g our economy going. 
>> But a new report on local housing markets claims that 65% of people are worse off today than they were four years ago. Stuart varney is here with all those details. The study lincolns house to go unemployment? 
>> Yes, it does. It's a rather unique study. It lincolnings the housing situation and the unemployment situation in 900 counties around the country and the conclusion is in two-thirds of those counties, 580 out of 919 areworse off now than we were four years ago. Again, that's in terms of housing, home prices, foreclosure activity and the unemployment rate and the jobless rate in those counties. We are worse off in two-thirds of the country. That's the conclusion. 

[01:26:03]


>> Where is the trend? 
>> Well, the trend in housing, if you look strictly at housing, a very, very modest up trend for home prices and the number of home sales. If yjust talk housing and isolation, you can make the point that maybe we are coming back just a also. But when you mix in housing and unemployment, and you look across the entire country, it's a very different picture. I thought I was watching a debate on the economy last night. He brought it all the way back to that constantly and mitt romney always made that point. You can't have a strong foreign policy if you have a weak economy back home. This new study provides for evidence that we really do have widespread weakness in two fundamental areas of the economy, housing and unemployment. 
>> It's interesting because i think if you look at the interest of the voter when they go to vote two weeks from today, do you think that they will be voting on foreign policy they will be voting on the enomy? 
>> I think they will be voting on economy. How do you feel? What about your wallet? How do you feel financially? Is this the america that we are used to? Vigorous, dynamic, expanding and pros prosperous. And will people come away with a distinct impression of the new foreign policy or I don't think they will. I think they willome away with image. Who handled themselves like a president. Who had the better image? I think that's the people come away from the third and final debate. 
>> We will have to see if it's impacted at all the final two weeks of the campaign. 
>> Two weeks from today, right? 
>> Yes. Especially in ohio and michigan. 
>> Yes, we will. 
>> Stuart varney, we will watch you in action. 
>> Thanks. 
>> Next, so much for being a tough guy, quitting his day job to become a blogger? Seriously? 
>> Did mitt romney miss the boat by not hitting the president on libya in was he ignoring it or was that part of the strategy? 

[01:28:10]


>> Former senator al d'amato is here. They are together and they will debate. Flush ?????? life is very sharp and there's no time ?????? ?????? for fussing and fighting my friend progressive customers. I plugged in snapshot, and 30 days later, I was saving big on car insurance. With snapshot, I knew what I could save before I switched to progressive. The better I drive, the more I save. I wish our company had something this cool. You're not filming this, are you? Aw! Camera shy. Snapshot from progressive. Test-drive snapshot before you switch. Visit progressive.Com today. ?????? ?????? 

[01:30:31]


[ Male Announcer ] START WITH NOTHING, Build a ground-breaking car. Good. Now build a time machine. Go here, find someone who can build a futuristic dash board display. Bring future guy back. Watch him build a tft display like nothing you've ever seen. Get him to explain exactly what that is. The thin film transistor display... 
[ Male Announcer ] MMM, MAYBE NOT. Just show it. Customize the dash, give it park assist. The fuel efficiency flower thing. Send future guy home, his work here is done. Destroy time machine. Win some awards, sendn brady. That's how you do it. Easy. 
>> Time for your shot of the morning. Check out mitt romney playing jinga with five of his grandkids before the debate. You might remember he got in the game before the first debate. As far as dinner, he filled up with his favorite meal, a peanut butter and of sandwich. Now you know what they played and what they ate. Rich. 

﻿Title: FOX and Friends
Description: News, features and interviews.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/7/1996
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Ut anything past these guys, claim that they have got the people who are responsible for that attack. Watch out, america. This is the next thing I think you will see from this administration. >>Ed, last night we had the current commander in chief sitting across from a guy who would like his job. If you were pitching him, what would you tell him him and it he deliver? 
>> I agreed with the president we could have en more aggressive on the libya thing but the end of the day the vast majority of americans care about the economy. Once he push it back to the economy he was much stronger than the president. The president was very defensive, very snarlly. Obviously he has a lot to defend. I don't think there's a great inconsistency historically between the republicans and democrats on foreign policy so think there were big issues. The question is who is the better leader and romney came off very well. 
>> And a lot of people have said in the last twelve hours or so, whenever it came back to economic issues, here's mr. Romney on a balanced budget from last night. 
>> I'll get us on track to a balanced budget. The president's path will mean continuing decline in take-home pay. I want to make sure our take-home pay turns around and startsgrow. I want to make sure we get people off of food stamps not by cutting the program but by getting them good jobs. I was in a state where the legislature was 87% democrat. I learned to get along. We have to do that in washington. Washingt is broken. I know what it takes to get this country back and we will work with good democrats and good republicans to do that. 
>> Okay. Joe, how did he do on that? 
>> Every time he got to the economy, that's his strong suit obviously. But look, I agree with ed, the one thing about all of the debates was he became the plausible candidate, a plausible president. He rose to the equal level of standing, I think in demeanor and his command of the issues where people could see him as president of the united states. But then I agree with d'amato. You know, he was -- it was-like he was sitting on his lead or something. He didn't want to risk going, overreaching and looking reckless and like some of the things that the president was setting out as a trap to try to capture him. He avoided the traps, but I'm not sure he was aggressive enough to win the debate. 

[00:02:33]


>> Ed, no doubt about it, the president of the united states tried to get mr. Romney into a fight and romney didn't take the bait. 
>> The fight didn't work well for romney when they did it a few weeks ago at hofstra. You want to be respectful to the president and the president had to defend a record that's kind of mediocre, and at the end of the day he was not particularly forthcoming. He was talking about he had nothing to do with the sequester which obviously his own omb director was the architect of it. They quickly had to go out and take that back. And his little snarly remark about not knowing the difference between a bayonet and a submarine. He clearly didn't know that four years ago. The end of the day he didn't come off as well as he should have as commander in chief. 
>> The current commander in chief let mr. Romney try to have it and tried to portray him as some sort of a cartoon. Here he is alongside mr. Romney, who reminded the president that attack me is not an agenda, mr. President. 
>> What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership, not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. 
>> Attack me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we are going do with the challenges that exist in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there and stem the tied of this violence. 
>> All right. Senator d'amato? 
>> He was great on that. He was absolutely great and he was right. Because the president continually attacked him and made false charges. But I wish on foreign policy he would have said mr. President, you couldn't find time to meet with our most important ally in that region of the country, bb netanyahu, when he came to new york and you could do to tv shows and interviews but you couldn't meet with him? What kind of signal does that send to the arabic community? That would have been a haymaker. 

[00:04:34]


>> Did he do anything to reverse the momentum, ed? That's what he needed to do because right now it's going to mit's favor. 
>> I still think it's in mit's favor. Most people don't care about foreign policy because it's a crisis area the next four years. I think most people care about the economy and pitt got back on that shalla. Clearly there's a big difference between the president and mitt romney on the economic policies. 
>> Joe down in bobbia, you get the -- in gboca, you get the final word. 
>> I agreed with ed that I don't ink it had the effect the first one did. I do think the president won it but I don't think it will change the dynamics of the race. This is going to be very, very close. The last 14 days all the way to the wire. And now they are back to the swing states and it's all about getting out their vote. Ihink romney did well enough last night to continue to be the alternative president as people are making that decision. 
>> Joe, I disagree. I think last night's debate had a gigantic impact. I would imagined to bayonet sales are going to absolutely skyrocket. You just watch. Joe and ed and al. 
>> Thank you very much. 20 minutes before the top of the hour. Let's do the headlines. 
>> Can drinking a can of monster energy drink actuall kill? The fda trying to figure it out as it investigates reports of five deaths linked to the lincoln. A 14-year-old mbrilyn girl drank two 24 ounces in two days. One contained seven times the amount of caffeine as a soda. And it was a hype but it was nothing like the movie oceans 11. 
>> Find out how much money we have down there. >>. 
>> Maybe a little bit more like dumb and dumber. This guy sold $1.6 million in casino chips. The chips are only used by a high number of high rollers make unlikely he will be able to cash in the chips. 

[00:06:49]


>> Now you see it, now you don't. The crosses on those students' shoulders air brushed out by the university. They are part of the painted posse. It's a group of divot christians that paint their face necessary lsu colors for football games but when they used it for a school newsletter, they erased it. The reason? They say they don't want to offense anyone. 
>>> And he wants to be a superhero. Superman, that comes out morrow, the alter ego will quit his job at the newspaper. He leaves after a fight with the editor to become a blogger. They say it's a move on the role of social media in society. Keeping him current, I guess. It was one of the biggest zingers of the night. 
>> By the way, you skipped israel, our closest friend in the region. But you went to the other nations. And by the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> But did it resonate with independent voters that haven't decided yet? Franklin puts it in focus about mitt romney. 
>>> And cheryl is here with the five companies hiring today. Get out your pen and paper. We are back. ?????? I wouldn't have it any other way ?????? ?????? if you wouldn't let me hear you say ?????? ?????? I love you like Sure does! Wow. It's the honey, it makes it taste so... Well, would you look at the time... What's the rush? Be happy. Be healthy. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 

[00:09:24]


[ Male Announcer ] IT WAS DESIGNED To escape the ordinary. It feels like it can escape gravity. ?????? ?????? the 2013 c-class coupe. ?????? ?????? starting at $37,800. ?????? ?????? called. you. We're not in london, are we? No. Why? Apparently my debit card is. What? I know. Don't worry, we have cancelled your old card. Great. Thank you. In addition to us monitoring your accounts for unusual activity, you could also set up free account alerts. Okay. 
[ Female Announcer ] AT WELLS FARGO WE'RE Working around the clock to help protect your money and financial information. Here's your temporary card. Welcome back. How was london? 
[ Female Announcer ] WELLS FARGO. Together we'll go far. 

[00:11:25]


>> Forty-five after the top of the the hour. Newly released security video shows the moment a massive car bomb explodes in beirut on friday. It killed a top intelligence official and seven other people. And a bonk robber busted after he returned to the scene of the crime to complain about getting short changed. It happened in new york. When he got back, the cops were waiting with some handcuffs. 
>> So what did the most important group of voters think of the final face-off last night? Those still undecided. Frank luntz watched it with them and got their immediate reaction. 
>> Florida is ground zero for politics in 2012 and we have 27 floating swing voters. Tell us what you thought of mitt romney's performance. 
>> Very well rehearsed and clueless. 
>> Business-like, as always. 
>> Presidential and on the mark. 
>> His foign policies were indistinguishable from the previous policies. 
>> Business minded. 
>> Too much of a canned response to matter of fact. 
>> Better than I expected. 
>> So you guys felt that -- let me ask you. This is supposed to be a foreign policy debate. When mitt romney, when he brought it back to economic and business issues, did he do well in that part of the debate? 
>> Yes. 
>> Tell me why. 
>> He was on the money. I mean, he knows that we need jobs. The healthcare. We have so many people on food stamps. People are losing their homes. You know, he was on the money. 
>> That wasn't what the debate was about. He was taking it back to what he felt comfortable and he had no clue about the foreign policy. He kept bringing it back. 
>> Security. 
>> It was boring tonight. 
>> He found every opportunity he could to bring it back to what he was -- 
>> let me finish. Let me finish. 
>> Go ahead. 
>> He kept bringing it back to his comfort zone and steered away from the actual facts. 
>> What was his comfort zone in be specific. 
>> He wasn't quite astute on foreign affairs so he had to go back to his place of comfort ability to have -- 
>> hold on, hold on. I want to bring it to the one area, and we will bring it to you coming out of this. The one thing most of you agreed on was his comment about israel. 

[00:13:32]


>> Yes in and his challenge to the president what he had done or not done on israel. Let's take a look how well it went because both democrats and republicans agreed. 
>> Mr. President, the reason i call it aapology tour because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and saudi saudi arabia and turkey and iraq, and by the way you, skipped israel, our closest friend in the region. You went to the other natns. And by the way, they noticed you skipped israel. And you said american was dismiss I have and device I have u said america had dictated other nations. Mr. President, america has not dictated to other nations. We have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> Why was that so powerful? 
>> I feel the president is always going to have an advantage in this type of debate because he has a lot of information that is only private to the president or his inner circle. So mitt romney has to gather his information from all the other sources. 
>> But why was this clip so powerful? 
>> My father is israeli, and i was very very strong on one side, and then heard a few things. Mitt romney was talking about how he never visited and he went around and made it obvious, instead of going and speaking to the president or the dictator, what have you, he went to the holocaust museum, he went here, went there. He needs to have a sit down. If it's a world partnership, he needs to had sit, he needs to talk. 
>> The president is overly cautious not to offend islamic sensibilities, and he's very willing to alienate our allies. 
>> So that bothered you? 
>> Very much. 
>> The florida jewish vote is an important vote and it could well make the difference. 
>> Yes. 
>> I assure you with your reaction that will be the debate within the jewish community the last 14 days so maybe just florida is up for grabs. Back to you. 

[00:15:35]


>> Out of work? Your search for a job could end today. Cheryl is scrambling and she has five companies hiring right now. There she is. And first in 1957 you cannot play jailhouse rock by elvis presley as the number one song. ?????? Jailhouse rock ?????? ?????? little joe is belowing on the trombone ?????? ] lab. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. There's a pop. Wahlalalalallala! Pepper, but not pepper, I'm getting like, pep-pepper. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, zip zip zip zip zip! I'm literally getting zinged by the flavor. Smooth, but crisp. Velvety. Kind of makes me feel like a dah zing yah woooooh! 
[ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Could've had a v8. Woooo! ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THIS IS KAREN ANJEREMIAH. They don't know it yet, but they' gonna fall in love, get married, have a couple of kids, 
[ children laughing ] MOVE TO THE COUNTRY, And live a long, happy life together where they almost never fight about money. 
[ dog barks ] BECAUSE RIGHT AFTER THEY GET Married, they'll find some retirement people who are paid on salary, not commission. They'll get straightforward guidance and be able to focus on other things, like each other, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. ] 
[ Female Announcer ] SOME People like to pretend a flood could never happen to them. And that their homeowners insurance protects them. 
[ Thunder crashes ] it doesn't. Stop pretending. Only flood insurance covers floods. ??? ??? visit floodsmart.Gov/pretend to learn your risk. tell Every room deserves to lookk great. And every footstep should tell us we made the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, soest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all special order carpet. 

[00:19:18]


>> First thing on a lot of people's minds every morning, a job. And the next monthly jobs report will come out just days before the election. 
>> So if you are one of millions of americans still look for work we have just what you need. Cheryl is here with the top five companies hiring this week. Let's start with gm. 
>> All right. You know this one. This is general motors. They are trying to basically take all of their i. T. Services within the company of that been outsourced up to now they want to bring theack internally. A lot will the it jobs. 
>> You don't need to know how to work a crescent wrench? 
>> Some factories have been ramping up. They have some success with their cars. But basically this is i. T. Services. They are going out to college campuses to recruit to these positions. About 2,000 jobs available. 
>> Burlington coat company will open about a dozen new stores and they need folks. 
>> They opened up a flagship store in chicago. But they are really expanding. This isn't just sales folks. They are looking for general managers, people when can work in the corporate offices, can you do accounting, can you do finance. And they need buyers, planners, field managers and all of this is going to be really in the next few weeks. I would get on it quickly. 230 jobs available right now. 
>> And peek energy? 
>> This is the number two natural gas producer in the nation. 300 jobs, engineers, truck drivers, oil field services, accounting, finance. Number 18 in fortune's list of the top 100 countries to work for. There is a production boom in gas in the country. 
>> And people have to eat and marco pizza is look for folks? 
>> Started back in the early 1970s. Same recipe for the pizza after he sold the company. They have 1200 to 1300 jobs open right now. General managers, assistant managers. The salary range, $28,000 to $30,000, $36,000, something like that. They will expand in wisconsin, texas, tennessee, louisiana and california. 

[00:21:24]


>> Thanks for making me hungry. 
>> At this hour? 
>> I can go for pizza any hour. 
>> And gotter school, this is education but it's paid for education. These are actually franchises for students, and it goes anywhere from preschool all the way up to kindergarten. They need on site owners that own the schools, and teachers, T. A.s. They have 45,000 kids that are going to the schools in about 35 states but it's another way for parents to pay for, instead of sending their kids to public school they can send them to this early ed indication program. You can pay for it but you can also work there. 
>> She joins us once a week with jobs. If you want to find out where they are and you missed it. Log on. If you have - question for cheryl, e-mail her at ffjobhunt. 
>> It was the final show down. 
>> At home and abroad, he has proposed wrong and reckless policies. 
>> And attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Laura ingram and bill o'reilly here to analyze last night's debate coming up top of the hour. 
>> And then imagine this. A brand new song from john lennon? We will tell you about that. ?????? ?????? imagine there's no country ?????? see the seam? More pcessed flakes look nothing like natural grains. I'm eating what I kn is better nutrition. Mmmm. Great grains. Search gre grains and see for yourself. ...... ?????? 

[00:25:20]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME FOR MEDICARE Open enrollment. Are you ready? Time to compare plans and see what's new. You don't have to make changes, but it good to look. Maybe you can find better coverage, save money, or both. And check out the preventive benefits you get after the health care law. ???????????? medicare open enrollment. Now's the time. Visit medicare.Gov or call 1-800-medicare. ?????? ?????? >>. 
>> Gretchen: Good morning, today is tuesday, I'm gretchen carlson. Thanks for sharing your day today. It was the final face-off for the two presidential candidates and mitt romney came armed with the facts. 
>> By the way, you skipped israel, our closest friend in the region. They noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> Gretchen: There were lots of zingers from president obama. We report and you decide. 
>>> While romney was talking about israel, iran and the economy, presint was focused on women abroad. 
>> Whether supporting women's rights, we do have to make sure we are protecting women. Young yung women are not given the education they need. 
>> Steve: It was this a desperate attempt to get the female vote. Laura ingraham is going to weigh in. 
>> And bill o'reilly made this prediction. 
>> The debate is val for both candidates. Governor romney has momentum almost everywhere and he if he wins tonight he is likely to be the next president of the united states. 
>> Brian: Fox and friends starts now. ???????????? ???????????? 

[00:27:30]


>> two weeks from today. 
>> Gretchen: Final one. We'll analyze that with laura ingraham and bill o'reilly. You are looking live at big rig pile-up in california. Ten trucks collided in a tunnel. Rescue crews are working to free one of drivers. Around 400 gallons of diesel fuel spilled, it's not a hazmat situation. We'll keep you updated as soon as more information becomes available. 
>> He lost his seven tour de france titles and now she losing references to the championship. Disgraced cyclist, he says raising five kids and fighting cancer and swim -- company that paid him for winning these titles they may soon try to get the money back. 
>> In a few hours, they a judge will decide the mastermind of the cole bombing should be tried in the u. They are desperate to get the charges dismissed. Cole bombing happened in 2000. His lawyers say because of that he shouldn't be tried at itmo. 
>> Imane what else john lennon could have accomplished in in his life if it was not cut so short? ?????? Emergency all the people ?????? ?????? going for the day ?????? ??????. 
>> Gretchen: This is a look at never before lyrics that he was working on but never had a chance to put to music. They are written on a postcard. When a girl becomes a problem, the girl must go. When they are gone, you find them last you love them pretty soon you want to know. Postcard revealed in a new book, the john lennon letters. Now, back to the debate last night and the biggest zingers. 

[00:29:42]


>> Nothing governor romney said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. 
>> The reason I call it an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and you to saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq. By the way, you skipped israel our closest friend in the region, but you went to the other nations. By the way, they noticed you skipped israel. 
>> Both home and abroad he has proposed broad and reckless policies. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> I am glad you recognize al-qaeda is a threat. A few months ago you asked what is the biggest threat you said russia. 
>> I'm not going to wear rose colored glasses to him or putin. I congratulate you taking out osama bin laden but we can't kill our way out of this mess. Our navy is smaller than any time since 1917. 
>> We have fewer ships than 1916. But governor we also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
>> Brian: What do you think of that comment, do you think it was a good zinger? 
>> I wanted to impale myself on a bayonet. This is the best we can do. The command are in chief of the u.S. Military and take something on on substantive issues but that was beneath the president. I know these folks on left wing blogs he really stuck to it romney on that. Meanwhile, the substantive question remains. Why did president obama not take all the time that he has had over the last year to avoid these drastic cuts that are kicking in. He is allowing it to happen despite the fact he said this will not happen. 

[00:31:48]


>> The whole idea, ship is outdated. We have oceans and water, somebody should tell china to stop building ships. 
>> First of all I believe the marines use bayonets. They still have bayonets. Again, these constructions coming out of the president's mouth last night. They are quicky hits for untrained ear. Obama scored some real points there. In the end mitt romney was appealing to small slice of america that are still undecided. People are maybe in the middle or weary of war. They want to make sure that mitt romney is not some saber rattling, bayonet waving warmonger. I think last night those people didn't see anything that frightened them. Maybe they want to see mitt romney hit harder but in those clips you played especially, romney came across I thought very mature, very reasoned and actually, didn't go in for the easy hits on the president he really could have taken. 
>> Do you agree with that? 
>> I'm never going to be satisfied from my perspective. I wanted mitt romney right off to the bat to clarify this libya thinking for the american people. I'm not going to be satisfied. I'm kind of a little obsessed with the issue. The last debate left it unclear. Nevertheless, even if mitt romney didn't do what a lot of us wanted him to do on question on libya, overall how he came across, again with more mature, more reason and again making the case for why america must remain strong in the world and how he will proceed as commander in chief to ensure that happens. If he stayed with the debate that is what you came across with. 

[00:33:51]


>> Brian: From the get-go of the administration, one of the thing the president has dwne, we have talked about it on this program with you, he has been abroad, he hased apologized for the united states. Mitt romney let hime it last night. 
>> First of all, israe is a true friend, it is our greatest ally in the region. If israel is attacked, america will stand with israel. I've made that clear throughout my presidency. 
>> More president the reason i call it an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq. By the way, you skipped israel, our closeest friend in the region but you went to the other nations. By the way, they noticed you skipped israel. 
>> Steve: Plus he went on the view a few weeks ago rather than talk to netanyahu. Mr. Obama disagreed with him. We'll play a clip what he said in 2009. 
>> Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges, there have been times where america showed arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive. 
>> Steve: That arrogant america, does it sound like an apology tour to you? 
>> That is one of my favorite clips from barack obama. That is tie for them to make profits, it's classic obama. It's great to hear him talk about arrogance. I don't know. To look at, I called him the smirk, but I looked at obama is smirking the entire debate. Has a sneering look toward mitt romney. To say that he did not take a more apologetic tone especially in the first two years of this past term, it doesn't even past the straight face test. He wanted to wish all of that away. I think, again, he wanted you to think obama that he was like ronald reagan had nothing on him. He w one moment from more gorbachev tear down this wall line. He didn't bring american exceptionalism could be said in the same paragraph, the british and greek believe in their exceptionalism. I thought mitt romney coming back with that recitation of it. I'm tweeting like, save the arrogance line. 20 seconds after that, I thought it was a great moment for mitt romney. 

[00:36:41]


>> Gretchen: Some people could argue that he brought it babbling to the auto bailout. He is talking about michigan and florida and then you could argue that president obama really eager, some say desperate for the female vote. Listen to this. 
>> We do have to make sure that we are protecting religious minorities because these countries can't develop is all develop. These countries can't develop if young women are not given the education they need. Whether dealing with counterterrorism, whether supporting democracy. Whether supporting women's rights or religious minorities. They can say that the president of the united states and the united states of america has stood on the right side of history. 
>> Brian: I don't think that region is doing great by women. 
>> America's influence in the world has shrunk over the past four years. It's been a deliberate strategy to hang back and religious minorities in the middle east have been crying out for american leadership. Christian priests, catholic parishioners, not only exploded maimed and killed in iraq but across the middle east in parts of africa. Christianity is under assault. Jews living in traditional jewish home lands feel like every day they are out there risking their lives. It's not for the president on to say that, but in fact whether it's hillary clinton or he himself there has been precious little done to protect those religious minorities. Instead we bent over backwards to protect who may be more politically correct religious any on are not of the united states. 
>> Laura ingram joins us today. Her big radio show kicks off in 45 minutes from right now. 

[00:38:47]


>> Great to see you guys. 
>> Steve: Her buddy bill o'reilly will be with us and prediction that mitt romney will win. Bill will be here in eight minutes. 
>> Gretchen: Did mitt romney miss the boat by not knocking door more on libya. We'll ask an analyst. 
>> Brian: A casino heist that should have looked like ocean's 11. 
>> You have over $160 million in your vault tonight. We are packing up half of that. Th other half we're leaving in your vault booby-trapped. 
>> But it looked more like dumber and dumber. lisa, quit. I honestly loved smoking, and I honestly didn't think I would ever quit. 
[ Male Announcer ] ALONG WITH SUPPORT, Chantix is proven to help people quit smoking. It reduces the urge to smoke. It put me at ease that you could smoke on the first week. 
[ Male Announcer ] SOME PEOPLE HAD CHANGES In behavior, thinking or mood, hostility, agitation, depressed mood and suicidal thoughts or actions while taking or after stopping chantix. If you notice any of these stop taking chantix and your doctor right away. Tell your doctor about any history of depression or other mental health problems, which could get worse while taking chantix. Don't take chantix if you've had a serious allergic or skin reaction to it. If you develop these stop taking chantix and see your doctor right away as some can be life-threatening. If you have a history heart or blood vsel problems, tell your doctor if you have new or worse symptoms. Get medical help right away if you have symptoms of a heart attack. Use caution when driving or operating machinery. Common side effects include nausea, trouble sleeping and unusual dreams. With chantix and with the support system it worked. It worked for me. 

[00:41:24]


[ Male Announcer ] ASK YOUR DOCTOR IF CHANTIX Is right for you. >>. 
>> Gretchen: Couple items, tony scott did not have brain cancer when he judged from a bridge in august. Toxicology tests found a antidepressant and sleep aid in his system. He was 68 years old. 
>> Is it better for your kids? American academy of pediatrics, pesticide free food hasn't proven to be safer or more nutritious. 
>> Governor mitt romney taking an unsuspect go tone last night. Governor congratulated the president's successes. 

[00:43:29]


>> We're going to have to recognize do as the president has done. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership of al-qaeda. We can't kill ourselves out of this mess. We need a robust straty to help the world of islam reject this violent extremism. 
>> Brian: Who came out on the approach? Did it catch the obama camp by surprise? Joining is bob burnett and debated coach. He has prepped candidates for last nine presidential elections and does various work in full disclosure, does my sitcom work. Bob, were you surprised, was obama camp surprised by the tact used by the romney camp? 
>> Good morning. I had two overwhelming reactions. First the one you pointed out. That governor romney on the seven or eight foreign policy, national defense issues that were brought up during the debate by the moderator, he embraced president obama. I think that was interesting because, of course, what you want to try to do if you are running for president iso draw a contrast. He tried to draw similarities. I think over the next two or three days that will be to his detriment. A lot of policies he spoke to last night are dramatically different from what he said in the primaries and what he said three weeks ago. I think some of the good fact checkers are going to be looking what he said last night versus what he has been saying. What does that mean? That means there is a lot of shakiness. There is a lot of changing of positions. In the foreign policy and defense area, you have to be strong and resolute which doesn't mean you can evolve in your thinking but you have to send clear signals to friends and foes alike. That kind of changing could be to his detriment. 

[00:45:39]


>> Brian: Even though most of the people, foreign policy in this election cycle is not going to be that big of a deal? 
>> It's never proven to be the decisive issue, but I think that it's very important given the dangerous world that we live in. Both candidates said, serious problems with terrorism around the country, serious problems with people that wish us ill. People will look at jobs and economy and I'morried about that from the point of view from my candidate. I think they will be make sure to vote for a steady and strong leader. I think that was probably shown last night. 
>> Brian: Bob, thanks so much for your private perspective. 
-- Your perspective. Bob barr net, thanks so much. 
>> Brian: Coming up next, it's supposed to give you energy and supposed to give you a bounce si step but popular drink is coming with an unexpected warning. It could kill you. Billow o'reilly making a bold prediction. 
>> Governor romney's momentum is almost everywhere, and if he wins tonight, she likely to be the next president of the united states. 
>> Brian: Did he win last night? Bill will be here next. ring... Progresso This reduced sodium soup says it mahelp lower cholesterol, how does it work? You just he to eat it as part of your heart healthy diet. Step 1. Eat the soup. All those veggies and beans, that's what may help lower your cholesterol and -- Well that's easy 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this sou??. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. This Bible changed the world. finger ready. Why? Because I'm gonna make the call to switch to a new medicare prescription drug plan. 

[00:49:24]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO SAY Hello to savgs... Hello to value... HELLO TO A Part D PLAN That's there for you, choose an aarp MedicareRx Plan FROM UnitedHealthcare. Open enrollment ends december 7th. So call now. ASK ABOUT THE LOWEST Part D PREMIUM IN THE U.S., PLUS THE NEW Preferred Pharmacy Network, Where you can get copays for as low as $1. Prescriptions for a buck? A buck won't even get you a cup of coffee these days. 
[ Male Announcer ] UnitedHealthcare IS HERE For you, so call for your free information kit, or to enroll. Say hello to no deductible, THE Preferred Pharmacy Network AND MUCH MORE. 
Remember: The time to switch ends december 7th. Call today. I am so rey to call. >>. 
>>> This debate is vital for both candidates. Governor romney's momentum is almost everywhere and if he decisively wins tonight he is likely to be the next president of the united states. 
>> Gretchen: What does he think now? Let's talk to him. Bill o'reilly. If you had a decisive win mitt romney was next president of the united states. Was it decisive for you. 
>> Bill: No. 
>> Gretchen: So president obama won the debate? 
>> Nobody won. It was boring. It was most boring debate I have ever seen. None of them scored any points on the other. Everybody at the home were the losers. We didn't get any nig out of that. Did any of you three learn anything about the world or your country? 
>> It was pretty much the talking points we've heard all along. 
>> Bill: So fox and friends didn't learn anything. I asked this question earlier, nobody learned anything. It was boring. 

[00:51:26]


>> What do you think the momentum. Romney has momentum? 
>> Here why I think romney didn't engage on libya and didn't engage on anything. He he wants the women to vote for him. He calculated that I'm going to be kind of statesman, presidential non-confrontational guy. We'll let be obama the confrontational guy and women will like me better and vote for me more. I think that is what he was doing. 
>> Gretchen: That is interesting because one of the polls that came out after specifically with women, it was 50/50 split. 
>> Women don't like confrontation. Romney needs women. His internal polling shows that. Believe that is why he didn't do anything. Romney didn't do anything. Nothing. Look, libya is teed upright here. Schieffer didn't ask about libya he gave the opportunities to jump in. You don't give them opportunities to do anything. Your job is to get information so the american people know who the best president is going to be. You could. 
>> No, no. 
>> You say to the president of the united states, you screwed this up. I don't know what happened there. Please explain this to me. 
>> We get mitt romney to tellthe president screwed up, not the moderator. 
>> These guys aren't going to ask penetrating questions, why do we have them? 
>> Gretchen: If schieffer didn't ask a question on libya, he should retire. 
>> But he was a wishy-washy questions. 
>> But then it's up to the candidates to send it out of the park then? 
>> In order rater strategy should be to get as much information as possible. Not to ask wishy-washy questions. That is all three of them did. 

[00:53:38]


>> I agree with you except for libya. Libya is such an open question, if you want to be the president you should turn to the guy, i can't believe you said one thing and then went on a campaign trip. You let your ambassador go there five days later. 
>> Romney doesn't want to be confrontational. He doesn't want to be confrontational. Now, is it a mistake, I think so, but I could be wrong. Romney could get more women to vote for him and that do put him over the top. His calculation might work. 
>> Steve: It may or may have been a mistake but does it change anything? 
>> No. I should amend that. It might change how many women vote for romney. 
>> Gretchen: I don't think it makes a difference? 
>> But for the american public, which man is better for the country. 
>> Gretchen: I don't know if you can put women in a box? 
>> I am not putting women in a box. I was telling you romney's calculation. If it were me, obama would be a puddle after I got through with him. 
>> I have a huge. When I saw the intensity of obama for 90 minutes he won't bray break that stare, I think his internal polls show he is in trouble? 
>> Maybe. Certainly the momentum was on romney's side but obama wanted to prove one thing, that romney is a poser. That obama wanted to prove. He doesn't know what he doing and he changes his opinion every hour. You have to be confrontational. Romney could have parried that by saying, this isn't incompetence in libya. We don't know what happened in month and a half. You have to explain it. 
>> Steve: Before you go, you have to telling us about "killing kenedy". It's soaring up the charts. 

[00:55:45]


>> It's number one I think. 
>> We sold 500,000 copies in two weeks. 
[ Laughter ] 
>> it's a phenomenal success, number one everywhere. We appreciate everybody supporting the book. I think you'll like it if you read it. It's not boring. 
[ Laughter ] 
>> you can download it if you have a device. You can push a button. 
>> It's amazing how many of those selling. 
>> Compared to "killing lincoln" d that sold 2 million copies. But this e-book business that is unbelievable what is happening with that. 
>> I'll explain it to you on break. 
>> I feel like a tree. I still like turning pages. 
>> He will be on in 11 hours and 35 minutes from now. 
>> Gretchen: Coming up, our analysis continues with the auto bailout. 
>> You were very clear that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. 
>> Gretchen: So what the president true? Fact checker coming up. 
>> Joe biden called mitt romney a flip-flopper. Paul ryan responded. That is next. ???????????? ???????????? ?????? that old time rock and roll ?????? ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] HOW DO YOU ENGINEER A true automotive breakthrough? ?????? ?????? you give it bold new styling, unsurpassed luxury and nearly 1,000 improvements. Introducing the redesigned 2013 glk. See your authorized cedes-benz dealer for exceptional offers through mercedes-benz financial services. No, no, no, stop! Humans -- one day, we're coming up with the theory of relativity, the next... Stop, stop, stop! My car! Not so much. But that's okay. You're covered with great ideas like optional better car replacemen from liberty mutual inrance. Total your car, and we give you the money to buy one a model year newer. Learn about it at libertymutual.com. Liberty mutual insurance. Responsibility -- what's your ? know Cheerios has oats that can help lower cholesterol? And it tastes good? Sure does! Wow. It's the honey, it makes it taste so... Well, would you look at the time... What's the rush? Be happy. Be healthy. ???????????? ???????????? 

[01:01:04]


>>> we're in boca raton, florida. The major league playoffs. They have to compete with wheel of fortune. 
>> And the early-bird special. 
>> I do wonder what they got with ratings. With 65 million. 
>> Gretchen: I think it will be lower. 
>> Like bill o'reilly said, it was on the boring side. Meanwhile, president of united states sat down with a guy like his keys to air force one, mitt romney, he was clear on the strategy, he want twoontd disqualify mitt romney as commander in chief. Most people say he did not do that. Romney passed the test. Joe biden hopped on one of their morning shows, that he a big, fat flip-floper. 
>> The attacks being made by our friends seem to change every day. They change their position, they've gone from rattling the saber being doves carrying peace -- I don't know what they stand for. 
>> I know it sound like a cliche but it's a doctrine. I've been in congress for 14 years. I have been running the budget committee for four years. Voting to send women and war that gives you experience. Mitt romney has the demeanor, the temperament the principles and skills to be a great foreign policy president. 
>> Gretchen: There you have it from both sides. Meantime, one of topics, it went to a discussion about the auto bailout. There are lot of voters that are undecided in michigan and ohio. Who got the facts right in this discussion? Let's take a look. 
>> You were very clear that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would have gone through -- I'm not wrong. People will look it up. 

[01:03:16]


>> We looked it up. Here is what it said. Federal government should provide guarantees for post bankruptcy financing and assure buyers that warranties are not at risk. That is what mitt romney wrote on november 19, 2000. >>. 
>> Was most time to explain his auto bailout. What he wanted to do. What he proposed. The fact that his dad ran a car company, amc for years. 
>> Steve: In the op-ed, they have to have a managed bankruptcy. In the end a managed bankruptcy is exactly what general motors did. 
>> Gretchen: Now to direct your headlines can drinking a can of monster drink kill you? Fda is trying the figure that out. There are five deaths linked to the drinks, a maryland girl drank two cans in two days and one can has seven times the amount of caffeine. 
>> It was supposed to be the movie oceans 11. ???????????? ???????????? 
>> this town you love to change that quickly. 
>> It was spiosed to be more like dumb and dumber. A t snuck in a restricted casino in las vegas. He stole 1.6 million in chips but the chips are only used by a number of high rollers making it highly unlikely he will be able to cash in his stolen chips. Sorry buddy. 
>> Apple is getting ready to unveil the new smaller ipad but there may be other surprises in store. Clayton is there live. What can you unveil for us. You gave away the smaller thing. Anything else? 

[01:05:24]


>> Reporter: We're probably going to see some of new computers. Some of the new mac minis. Headline is about the ipad. They have already sold 85 million of these. So tim cook is going to be behind me unveiling the smaller ipad. We don't know what it will be called. So we're going to figure out if it's called the ipad mini or ipad air and we don't know a price point. We don't know what it will look like. Online there have been leaks and bloggers go crazy. These are some prototype possible leaked photos of what it will look like. We don't know what the screen resolution will be. We don't know if it has a camera inside. I have a google nexus 7 tablet in my hand. This is about the me sort of size we might see, a 7-inch. If you compare that with with the current ipad. I know gretchen, you have been waiting and waiting for a lighter, smaller, almost purse like ipad. This is the device you have been waiting for. 
>> Gretchen: You can bring me one back? ??> Reporter: WE MAY SEE IT. Because so close to the holidays this is going to have to be rolled out pretty quickly. Apple is notorious for making a big announcement and being able to ship the device. As you know, bill o'reilly talking about e-books. This is going to be a book centered event today. We'll probably see a lot about education and future of the paperback book on smaller device. 
>>> Do you know the way to san jose, where clayton morris is today. Thank you very much. 
>> Meanwhile, coming up straight ahead. She came up with the ex sues to get out of work. Why in the world didn't she just call out sick? 
>> Gretchen: Take a look at the screen. That is larry david and president obama. See any resemblance? Peter johnson, jr. Says you SHOULD.!0T@@!??@@@d$$ ?? ?? 44(?? @@@ @@[H7 7 ?? one. Two. Three. My credit card rewards are easy to remember. With the bankamericard cash wards credit card, I earn 1% cash back everywhere, every time. 

[01:09:21]


[ Both ] 2% BACK ON GROCERIES. 
[ All ] 3% ON GAS! No hoops to jump through. I earn more cash back on the things I buy most. 
[ Woman in pet store ] IT'S AS EASY AS... 
[ All ] ONE! 
-TWO. -[ All ] THREE! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE BANKAMERICARD CASH Rewards credit card. Apply online or at a bank of america near you. >>. 
>> Gretchen: Check this out this new video. This is a soyuz rocket blasting off into space. 
>> Three, two, one and ignition, liftoff. 
>> Gretchen: Three astronauts including one american on their way to the international space station. She couldn't have just called in sick? They called her tied up. She claimed she was kidnapped and robbed. Surveillance video showed her buying a lotto ticket. She confessed. She didn't want to go to work. 

[01:11:21]


>> Who does? 
>> And mitt romney was careful not to attack the president but was that the correct strategy? Joining us is peter johnson, jr. Peter he was on defense with libya you thought that more romney would go on offense he did not. 
>> In if you believe that governor romney should be a pundit, analyst on fox news, maybe he should have. He was being a president in waiting. He was speaking in a way that knows what he has to say now has consequences for the future. Let's look at governor romney last night. 
>> The ron I call it an apology tour is because, you went to the middle east and flew to egypt and saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq. By the way, you skipped israel. You said that america had been dismissive and divisive. You said america had dictated to other nations. America has not dictated to other nations. We have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> He was strong there. The president took an aggressive scorched earth tactic. 
>> You mentioned the navy for example. We have a fewer ships we did in 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers. We have ships that go underwater nuclear submarines. It's not a game of battleship. It's what our capabilities are. 
>> Clearly he was wrong with bbayonets. We heard that all night and morning. We're going to see a deacon instruction of what the president said over the next two days, he said china is our adversary. I have never heard him say that. Let's watch words and performance on israel. What he said last night and what he is doing in terms of iran. At the same time governor romney seemed reasonable. He seemed to be wanting to take a reasonable position in the world while maintaining strength and trying to appeal some more of the women that were watching the debate last night. President engaged in in a death skar all night. It reminded curb your enthusiasm. Larry david looks at his detractors sometimes with that kind of death stare. Looking into their eyes or looking -- I had a school teacher that used to look at the kids for life. It's a death stare, trying to eke out the truth. There he is. Larry and the president. 

[01:14:17]


>> Not necessarily the president's friend. They don't like each other. But more romney has a better poker face. 
>> I have no idea why. That is not a president obama i have ever seen. 
>> Peter johnson, thank you very much. 
>> Meanwhile, let's go out in the hall. 
>> Gretchen: Some republicans upset that mitt romney did not take that libya question first off and hit out of the park. I'm going to ask a forget coach whether it was good strategy or not. 
>> Good morning. It's now a debate baked in the cake so to speak. We have two weeks to go until election day. We'll get reaction from john bolton, from senator rob portal man. We'll see how he thinks his guy. And where the race goes next stops at the top of the hour. We'll see you then. With the fidelity stock screener, you can try strategies from independent experts and see wh criteria they use. Such as a 5% yield on dividend-paying stocks. Then you can customize the strategies and narrown to exactly those stocks you want to follow. I'm mark allen of fidelity investments. The expert strategies feature is one more innovative reason serious investors are choosing fidelity. Now get 200 free trades when you open an account. ] people are choosing advil????. Here's one story. I'sean. I swited to advil???? 10 months ago. Biking can be really tough on the lower back and your upper thighs. U have some nasty aches and pains. I really like advil???? because it takes care of it all. Neck ache, shoulder pain and definitely lower back pain. I use advil???? because my wife, she's a nurse, she recommended it. 
[ Male Announcer ] MAKE THE SWITCH. Take action. Take advil????. And if pain keeps you up, sleep better with advil pm????. The #1 selling brand. 000000000000000000000000000000000 >>. 

[01:18:33]


>> Gretchen: First question during last night's debate was about libya and questions how the white house responded to that. 
>> It was an attempt to mislead people about really happened. Governor romney you said this was an example of an american policy in the middle east that is unraveling before our very eyes. 
>> With the arab spring came great deal of hope. There would be a change toward moderation and opportunity for greater participation on the part of women and public life and economic life in the middle east. Instead, we've seen in nation after nation a number of disturbing events. 
>> Gretchen: You can see governor romney's answer stopped short of slamming the administration at all. Was this a missed opportunity. Let's ask fred o'donnell. 
>> I think it was a good strategy. Both men played the debate last night like the president was the underdog. President was clearly more aggressive which is probably why he got perceived as winning the debate, but in the end romney wins the war because he had a such a decisive victory in the first debate. Why get in back and forth over benghazi when the election is about the economy. 
>> Gretchen: I think a lot of republicans and democrats were stunned at his answer. It was obvious he was not going to go there. So many republicans had been out in the last couple days talking about the new information and potentially negative news for this white house. Why didn't romney go after it? 
>> In the last debate that exchange hadn't gun well for the governor. This is an economic election. Leave that litigation for congress and for romney presidency as opposed to doing it in a debate where you are trying to win voters. Bottom line for this debate was, governor romney had to pass the commander in chief test. He has the mettle to handle the job, when hillary clinton said when the phone rings at 3:00 a.M. He passed had a test and why get about a in the back and forth. It was clear from the beginning, the strategy was an appeal to the women voters. Purpose of my foreign policy is peace. 

[01:20:49]


>> Gretchen: And also hug the president. That was the word that was going around last night when he said things like this. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al-qaeda. We can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> Gretchen: All right. In one way he is congratulating the president, embracing his policies in the middle east to a certain extent. Also getting in the dig, right? 
>> I would describe this hugging in the depths. When he is hugging him on some of these policies, he congratulated the president for taking out osama bin laden and he ed said he want kill our way out of this mess. He was drawing a division in terms of foreign policy and congratulating the president making it seem like there are essential core differences that the president can point to and say, here is differences between us. You are justified to keep me in commander in chief. 
>> Gretchen: So with all your debate coaching experience, how do you rate this debate? 
>> I don't think it was terribly exciting debate. I don't think thi it will have a huge impact on the election. Narrative was set. Governor romney had a tremendous amount of momentum coming out of the first debate. President needed a knock out blow last night. What happened governor romney played rope-a-dope in hugging the president. Wouldn't give him the opportunity. 
>> Gretchen: Do you go on vacation since no more debates? 
>> I wish. 
>> Gretchen: It's great hearing your analysis pre-debate and post. 
>> More fox and friends two minutes away. ???????????? ?????? I'm thinking you are that girl ?????? ?????? it's fine by me ?????? ?????? if you never leave ?????? ?????? and you live forever ?????? 

[01:26:08]


bill: Fox news alert. We are two weeks away, america. The third and final debate now in the books as the race for the white house enters 

﻿Title: Frontline - Climate of Doubt
Description: Debate over climate change and the politics of global warming.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> The findings are blunt--climate change is happ 
>> In the last election, few seemed to doubt that climate change was real. 
>> Climate change poses a growing danger. 
>> The risks of climate change are real. 
>> But since then, a successful campaign has been waged to introduce doubt about the science. 
>> This massive global conspiracy to make a certain case. 
>> If you pay scientists enough money, they'll find what you want them to find. 
>> They are cooking the data. 
>> Scientific malpractice. 
>> Do you think the science is being hyped on global warming? Oh, very definitely, yes. 
>> Correspondent John Hockenberry investigates. 
>> The politics have gotten to the point where people just don't want to listen to science. 
>> How did it happen and who's behind it? Tonight, "Climate of Doubt." 
>> Frontline is made possible by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Thank you. And by the Corporation r Public Broadcasting. Major funding is provided by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, committed to building a more just, verdant and peaceful world. Additional funding is provided by the Park Foundation, dedicated to heightening public awareness of critical issues. And by the Frontline Journalism Fd. With grants from Scott Nathan and Laura DeBonis, and Millicent Bell, through the Millicent and Eugene Bell Foundation. Major funding for this program is provided by the Kendeda Fund. 
>> Chicago is now under full national security. 
>> A no-fly zone is in effect, except for the world leaders who are landing at O'Hare, as president Barack Obama and a number of world leaders... 

[00:02:02]


>> HOCKENBERRY: It was a big weekend in Chicago. Last spring, the president was in town, along with the leaders of NATO, to discuss threats to global security and nuclear proliferation. At a huge convention center, the eyes of the world were watching. 
>> ...that demands global solutions. We came to Chicago... 
(police whistle blows) 
>> HOCKENBERRY: But across town in a small hotel ballroom, the te of the world was also on the agenda. 
>> Everything will be revealed in the second term. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The eyes of the world might have missed this gathering. 
>> Get ready for your Al Gore snow job. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The message here is that man-made global climate change is a myth, a hoax. This conference is an annual pilgrimage for the key skeptics. We came here to understand how they have made their views a mainstream fact of American politics. 
(applause) They think of themselves as rebels, up against the biggest players in science, government and the media. 
>> Whole industries, wind and solar, are based on public fear of global warming, and the mainstream media has pretty much given up its role as an independent reporter on these things and has become an advocate. 
>> If you add up all of the resources of our side of the debate and all of the resources of the other side of the debate, this is a David vs. Goliath story. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: You're doing pretty well. 
>> There are holdouts among the urban bi-coastal elite. But I think we've won the debate with the American people in the heartland, the people who get their hands dirty, people who dig up stuff, grow stuff and make stuff for a living, people who have a closer relationship to tangible reality, to stuff. We need to keep banging away on the science. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Myron Ebell chairs a group called the Cooler Heads Coalition, one of a team of skilled policy advocates driving a remarkable turnaround that has already changed the U.S. political landscape. 
>> Warming isn't, in fact, accelerating. In fact, there's been none for 15 years. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: There's Christopher Monckton, a big draw at these meetings, who brings the skeptics to their feet every time. 

[00:04:07]


>> God bless America. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Republican congressman James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin, vice chairman of the use Science Committee. 
>> Paul Krugman accused my colleagues and me of treason against the planet. 
(laughter) 
>> HOCKENBERRY: There's Chris Horn from the Competitive Enterprise Institute... 
>> ...economic salvation. This is our way out. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: And James Taylor, senior fellow at the Heartland Institute, organizer of this gathering. 
>> The debate indeed is over. In t years prior to 2007, the 2008 elections, we actually heard from many folks that we should tone it down on global warming, we should not talk about the issue, because the court of public opinion had already decided and we were on the losing end. But we believe that if we present the case to the American people and it resonates, if they get it, then that's going to work its way up the political stepladder. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: You've really changed the game on global warming. 
>> Oh, I certainly hope so. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: These political messengers rely on a small group of outspoken scientific contrarians, like climatologist Pat Michaels of the libertarian Cato Institute. 
>> Every paragraph can be contended. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Willie Soon is an astrophysicist who studies the sun and stars. 
>> ...a mechanism transport anything from the tropics to the arctic... 
>> They cannot fit Northern Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: And Fred Singer, the veteran scientist at these proceedings. He's a retired physicist once responsible for government weather satellites, who tells people the climate needs no help from worried humans. 
>> Climate, to me, has become a non-issue. It's a phantom issue. There's nothing wrong with climate. It will change no matter what we do. It'll get colder, it'll get warmer. We just have to wait a little. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Singer says he's dedicated to explaining his theories about global warming. What keeps you going? What's your motivation? 
>> Basically I like to see good science being done and protected. I think I'm fighting here for scientific truth. That's important to me. 

[00:06:17]


>> HOCKENBERRY: Do you think the science is being hyped on global warming? 
>> Oh, very definitely, yes. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Armed with that conviction, this team of skilled political messengers and contrarians has certainly changed the game. In just four years, the number of Americans who agree global warming is man-made has dropped to about half. It's a message that is inspiring a new generation of skeptics. 
>> I would like to really listen to these scientists, who came and talk and have dedicated their lives to debunking this fallacy, so to speak. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Once upon a time, what these people call a 
fallacy had another name: the truth. 
>> You've heard of off the charts... Within less than 50 years, it'll be here. So-called skeptics... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: In 2006, the film An Inconvenient Truth told a disturbing story and galvanized public awareness about the climate. 
>> To a new report on global warming from a prestigious panel of scientists convened by the Un. 
>> A new grim report out today from... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This comprehensive report in 2007 took it to another level. Scientists from 30 nations concluded that global warming is unequivocal and that human activity is mostly the cause. 
>> It is the definitive report on global warming, and it's frightening. 
>> I call upon the Peace Prize laureate for 2007, Al Gore, to come forward... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The UN scientists and former vice- president Al Gore would share the Nobel Peace Prize. The cause had a consensus and a credible leader. The skeptics would take on both. 
>> I think Al Gore was probably the best thing that could happen to global warming skeptics. 
>> From my perspective, Al Gore was the perfect proponent and leader of the global warming alarmists, because he's very politically divisive and controversial. 

[00:08:21]


>> I think it was his tone and manner. He did, at a certain point, come across as holier than thou. And that's another thing about Americans. They are not really big on holier-than-thou. 
>> Now that is a G2V aircraft... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Personalizing the attacks was part of an approach that was immediately embraced and amplified by friendly media. 
>> And that is the former vice- president getting off that plane and into a Town Car-- by the way, not a hybrid. 
>> He equates the failure to recycle aluminum cans with the Holocaust. 
>> He wants to be a super hero action figure, and... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Myron Ebell was acting on a broad strategy he he create more than a decade ago. In this 1998 action plan, "Victory will be achieved," it said, when the public "recognizes uncertainties in climate science." Today at the Washington, D.C., headquarters of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a free market think tank, you can see Myron Ebell's philosophy proudly displayed on the walls. 
>> They're all CEI authors... What we're fighting is the expansion of government. And there are many pretexts for expanding government. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Opposing government action on climate change to defend American freedom is a perfect fit. 
>> We felt that if you concede the science is settled and there is a consensus, you cannot... the moral high ground has been ceded to the alarmists. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: So you had to go to work and break down this consensu 
>> Yes. And we did it because we believed that the consensus was phony. We believed that the so-called global warming consensus was not based on science but was a political consensus, which included a number of scientists. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: In 2009, agreement on global warming seemed part of the solid wave of enthusiasm that elected Barack Obama. With the changing of the guard in Washington, there was a bipartisan call to action, a sense of inevitability. 

[00:10:23]


>> Madam Speaker, the President of the United States. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: An idea that for years had struggled for attention in Congress would get its moment of truth. 
>> So I ask this Congress to send me legislation that places a market-based cap on carbon pollution... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The president backed the so-called cap-and- trade approach, a system of regulations and financial incentives to eventually reduce the emission of carbon into the atmosphere. It seemed there s consensus on climate change. 
>> There was an uneasy consensus. But the people who have always objected to change had not yet really engaged. And because of the consensus, because there was a sense that there was going to be movement, that galvanized the action of the people who oppose it. 
>> The American people hadn't focused on these issues until it actually came to a vote in Congress on a bill to implement these policies. 
>> Today's hearing is on... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The soft consensus for taking action ran into the bitpartisan divisions in Congress. Congressional hearings on cap-and-trade would become a stage where opposing views would get equal time. 
>> Professor Schrag, you just heard... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Pro cap-and- trade lawmakers would call leading climate scientists and policymakers to make the argument for action now. 
>> It's very clear from that estimate that in fact we're in for bigger trouble. 
>> One of the things that we've already seen is many observed changes in the climate. 
>> Global climate change is a serious threat to our national security. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The skeptics had their own witnesses. They testified that nothing was settled and that global warming might actually be good for the planet. 
>> Say that again. Carbon dioxide is what? 
>> Is plant food. 
>> It's plant food-- yeah. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The testimony of the skeptics argued for a time out. There was enough uncertainty, they said, to justify delay. 
>> The right response to the non-problem of global warming-- first slide, please-- is to have the courage to do nothing... 

[00:12:24]


>> ...that the fear of catastrophic man-made global warming is mistaken. 
>> This demonstration shows that oft-reported mantra in Washington, quote, "the science is settled," is not true at all. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Skeptics had found a seat at the table, but the scientific consensus still had the momentum. When cap-and-trade came up for a vote in the house in 2009, it passed, with eight Republicans on board. 
>> The nays are 212. The bill is passed. 
>> The Waxman-Markey cap-and- trade bill passed the House very narrly, 219 to 212. Thmembers of the Senate who were going to take it up in July went home for the Fourth of July recess. And they got an earful from their constituents. 
>> You don't trust me? 
(audience shouting "no") 
>> Let's talk about some of your other votes, such as cap-and- trade. 
(people cheer) 
>> We are not for more government! 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The Tea Party saw a frightening expansion of government in the health care plan and the push for cap-and- trade. 
>> You're a traitor, Lindsey Graham. You've betrayed this nation and you betrayed the state. 
>> The people of this country were really not concerned one way or the other on this issue until the economy started going south in 2008. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Was that an opportunity to push back on climate change, the recessio 
>> It sure was. 
>> I'm Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity. We're here in Billings, Montana. 
>> HOCNBERRY: What part did you play? 
>> We certainly did TV ads, radio ads, social media. We did rallies, events, we launched something we called Hot Air. And we're sending a message to Senator Baucus and Senator Tester to vote no on this job-killing, tax-increasing cap-and-trade. We got a hot-air balloon, put a banner on the side of it that said, "Cap-and-trade means higher taxes, lost jobs, less freedom." And we went all over the country doing events and stirring up grassroots anger and frustration, concern. 

[00:14:25]


>> Cap-and-trade will slow the economy and cost American jobs. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Americans for Prosperity's well-financed campaign was an aggressive one. Ads that went after cap-and- trade policy... 
>> America can't afford the cap-and-trade tax. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: And said the science was a hoax. 
>> Congress should stop wasting our money and focus on real problems. 
>> Isn't it time Congress listened to the rest of us? 
>> HOCKENBERRY: In the Tea Party's anti-tax, anti-big government message, you could now hear the skeptic mantra, attacking climate science and cap-and-trade. 
>> Cap-and-trade and taxing Americans... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: At some Tea Party events, global warming skeptics were a big draw. 
>> Gives me great pleasure to welcome Lord Monckton! 
(audience cheering) 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Introduced like a professional wrestler, Christopher Monckton is a former British journalist who admits he has no scientific qualifications. 
>> Now ware met on a great battlefield of a new civil war. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: But here, whipping up the crowd is his indisputable expertise. 
>> Now I know that in American speak you have a word for global warming. Can someone tell me what it is? 
>> Bull (bleep)! >> All together. Global warming is... 
>> Bull (bleep)! 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Events like these fertilized the growing public doubt about climate change that was beginning to register with senators. With widespread anxiety over a shrinking economy, cap-and-trade was tabled in the Senate. The momentum towards action on global warming was vanishing. 
>> I often say, if you ever wonder as an activist on our side, are you making a difference, just look at cap-and-trade. January of '09, we had a president with 60 votes in the Senate. And then Speaker Pelosi with a 50-plus seat majority. And cap-and-trade was at the top of their agenda. And in the end they were beaten. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: You've said, "If we win the science argument, I think it'same, set and match." 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Why do you want to win the science argument? 

[00:16:26]


>> If the science argunt is won, I do think it would, you know, pull out the final underpinning of this legislative effort and this regulatory effort the left is undertaking. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Diminish the credibility of the scientific consensus and action on climate change grinds to a halt. At a conference in Long Island, we witnessed how these skeptics build their message of doubt. We once again saw Fred Singer. 
>> This is a conference mainly for medical doctors. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Delivering his message to a group of physicians who seemed eager to hear it. 
>> ...tell me that there hasn't been any perceptible trend. You essentially get no warming trend. In the last ten years, there hasn't been a warming. We don't know why that is. But one doesn't see any warming in the observations. There simply is no trend. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: No warming in the last ten years? No long-term trend? Climate scientists would say that's playing games with the data. 
>> You can, if you want, very carefully select the end points of your time series, the starting month and the ending month, and you can come up with... maybe you can come up with something that shows no warming. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: In a sense, what Dessler is saying is that you can do this at home. On a complex chart depending on the beginning points x and ending points y, you can select a trend line that does indeed show temperature going down. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Could I pick ten years of world history and show a climate cooling? 
>> Oh! You could totally do that. In fact, you could take the entire climate history that we have in the instrumental record and you could find cooling trends every ten years. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Cooling trends between 1958 and 1969, 1969 and 1978, 1978 and 1987 and so on. Scientists have a name for this. They call it "going down the up escalator." 

[00:18:27]


>> You pick the end points and you could find any particular year as part of a cooling year, but actually the whole thing has been moving up. 
>> If you look at all of the data, it's quite clear that the warming is continuing. 
>> So the 2000s was the warmest decade on record, the 1990s was the waest decade before that, the 1980s bere that, and most of us in the field of climate science expect, but we can't be sure, we expect that the 2010s will be warmer than the 2000s. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Against the backdrop of all the pressure from skeptic groups, Congress ordered a comprehensive review of climate change research by the National Academy of Sciences. The findings came back even stronger on human-caused climate change, and a subsequent study showed 97% of active climate scientists agreed. What's settled here on climate change? 
>> Virtually every place on earth is warming up, and people who have tried to go back and scrub the data-- like is there a mistake with the way they are making these measurements?-- they've all concluded, no, the people who are doing this work at the key places around the world are agreeing with each other. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: What's the bottom line, though, on human-caused global warming? I raise my hand in high-school science class and you're the teacher. Are humans causing the global warming we're seeing? What's your answer? 
>> Mostly. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Yeah. 
>> Scientists are trying to shoot it down all the time, and years and years and years nobody's been able to. So at some point you have to say maybe it's right. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Here's what the National Academy of Sciences report actually says: "Climate change is occurring and is largely caused by human activities and poses a significant risk for a broad range of human and natural systems." You say that's false. 
>> Yes. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: False. 
>> False. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: And if most of the climate scientists believe that statement, they are deluded? 
>> Yes. 

[00:20:28]


>> HOCKENBERRY: And you're seeing something they're not seeing? 
>> Yes. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: So it's 97% of them and one of you? 
>> Oh, well, you can put it that way if you like. But I don't think that's the way it works. There's hundreds of us-- hundreds, thousands of us. Look, 31,000 scientists and engineers signed a statement to the contrary to what you just read. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The Oregon Petition? 
>> Yes. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The 14-year-old petition is not exactly an exclusive club. A bachelor of science degree is all it takes to get you on the list. This document, skeptics claim, counters the scientific consensus on global warming. Now, are they all scientists? 
>> Yes. One-third of them have Ph.D.s. Look, they are not specialists in climate. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Well, some were celebrities and friends... 
>> Eh... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: It's a time- honored tactic by the skeptics: authentic-looking documents and reports that don't stand up to independent scrutiny. Singer also signed the Oregon Petition. This is not his first time going up against accepted science. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Was the science around chlorofluorocarbons hyped, the science around secondhand smoke hyped, the science around the ozone layer hyped, going back ten, 15, 20 years? 
>> I'm happy to discuss all of these, since I've been deeply involved in these topics that you mention. Let me start with secondhand smoke. 
>> Fred Singer is, I think, a professional contrarian. When I was in graduate school, I worked on stratospheric ozone depletion. And Fred would call me when I was in grad school and talk to me about how he didn't think humans were depleting ozone. And before that, he had real questions about whether humans were causing acid rainand he didn't think that nuclear winter was a... was sound science. And he really criticized the work that connected secondhand smoke to health impacts. And now he doesn't think global warming is an issue. 

[00:22:34]


>> So is global warming fact or fiction? 
>> HOCKENBERRY: But Fred Singer's case was bolstered when, in November of 2009, the skeptics got areak that would put climate scientists on the defensive. 
>> They falsified results-- "It's the fraud, stupi" to oversimplify it. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: An apparent scandal, and skeptics made the most of it. 
>> Some stolen e-mails... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: It epted out of more than a thousand hacked e-mails, which included scientists' internal conversations about global temperature data. 
>> These people have already been revealed as not having any honor, now they're being revealed as not having a sense of shame. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: A few suspicious-seeming e-mails, taken out of context, would become Climategate. Even though nine subsequent investigations would find no tampering with data, the impact of these e-mails would live on. 
>> Even the lady in the supermarket has heard of the Climategate e-mails that purport to show that scientists have fabricated da or manipulated data and that the whole idea of global warming has been proven to be a hoax. That is completely ridiculous. Continuing to use those e-mails as "evidence" that global warming is not real is inaccurate. By continuing to use those e-mails to slander the scientific reputation not only of those individual scientists, but of a field as a whole is irresponsible. 
>> As thousands of documentsnd internal e-mails come out... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Katharine Hayhoe personally felt the effects of Climategate. A climate scientist at Texas Tech in the Panhandle, she's the lead author of a federal research report detailing the impact of global warming in the U.S. 
>> The e-mails are real. Read the Associated Press. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: She spends every Sunday in the church where her husband preaches. 
>> I think the perception is often that climate scientists are godless, tree-hugging liberals, out to suck all the money out of the average person and use it all to fund all of this research. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: How much of this is a part of your worldview? 
>> My faith is integral to who I am. That's what defines me, not what I do on a day-to-day basis. And so when I study the planet, I feel as if I'm studying something that God created. 

[00:24:40]


>> HOCKENBERRY: After she wrote a chapter on climate change for a book on environmental policy, a private group suddenly requested her e-mails. 
>> Just before Christmas, this past year, I got my first Freedom of Information Act request. And it was a bit of a shock. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The charge is that you used taxpayers' money to engage in your personal activism about climate change. 
>> Every single professor, when invited to write a submitted chapter for an edited volume to be published by an academic press pro bono, would say, yes, that's part of our r??sum??, that's part of what we're asked at the end of each year, "Did you write any edited book chapters?" So it's part of our job to do that. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: To write stuff? 
>> Yes. 
>> American Tradition Institute, restoring science, accountability... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The group requesting Katharine Hayhoe's e-mails is the American Tradition Institute. 
>> ...argument behind the climate movement that didn't withstand scrutiny... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Here is their chief lawyer, Chris Horner, who wrote the request. Chris Horner would not speak with Frontline on camera, but ATI told us they were just looking for insights into how scientists made their deliberations. Texas A&M scientist Andrew Dessler is an expert on how clouds relate to climate change. He became a target of the American Tradition Institute after one quote in a front-page New York Times article. Dessler received a legal request for e-mails the next morning. 
>> And I actually had the first quote in the story. And within hours of that story coming out, the university received a FOIA request for my e-mail. The goal of this was to try to find something in the e-mails that would be used to embarrass climate science. They were just rolling the dice. It was completely random. They had no reason to think that there was anything improper. But they were hoping to hit the jackpot like they did with Climategate. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: As we began our reporting, ATI requested e-mails climate scientists might have sent to Frontline. 

[00:26:44]


>> You know, I don't let it stop me. I fully expect that after this program airs, I'll get another FOIA request for all of my e-mails with you. And you know, I'll just deal with that. As a climate scientist, I think a lot about the future. It goes with the job. And I want to make sure that in 50 years or 100 years or 200 years, nobody can ever say we didn't warn them. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This summer at the Washington, D.C., Defending the Dream Summit for the group Americans for Prosperity, they 
have their own warning: Beware the leftist agenda that they believe underliethe climate change movement. Reducing emissions is cover for reducing freedom, they say. And they have the means to carry their free market message anywhere in the U.S. 
>> This is our sixth annual Defending the American Dream Summit. We launched these in the fall of 2007. It's a great way to bring activists together from around the country to kind of bond with the organization, and also it's good to have a bunch of free market conservatives in D.C. occasionally as well. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: How does free market conservatism relate to climate change and the scientific argument over climate change? 
>> It doesn't to the scientific side. It very much so relates to the policies that the left pushes in the name of global warming. Every once in a while I'll make a statement about the science, but that's a tiny percentage of what we do and how we spend our money. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Oh, you win on the policy, you win on the science. 
>> I think so. I do. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This is a community of skeptics. At the AFP rally I ran into Myron Ebell, a supportive attendee and a speaker. So why are you here? 
>> Well, these are the grassroots that, you know, support our side. This is essentially a more organized form of a Tea Party group, right? A better funded... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: You've said we've made great headway. What it means for candidates in the Republican side is if you buy into green energy or if you play footsie on this issue, you do so at your political peril. 

[00:28:46]


>> You do, absolutely. And that's a big change, and it is important. Again, I remember four, five or even three years ago, John, a lot of Republicans, they would play games with this. They'd say, "Okay, oh gosh, I thinI need a green energy agenda. But I won't go all the way and support cap-and-trade." They did. They tried to walk down the middle and that's wrong. I think it's philosophically inconsistent, but it's also politically disadvantageous. And we've worked hard to make that so, by the way. The left has had the edge as long as I can remember. They march out to the towns, do whatever they are told to do... One thing we've changed with AFP, is we now have an army too. And we can do calls and e-mails and letters and rallies, events, and pressure. And I think that's made a big difference. Our side didn't have that five or six years ago on this issue. We do now. I do think it's a new day for that reason. 
(applause) 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This new day has dramatically transformed the way lawmakers approach global warming on Capitol Hill. Suddenly the news was who wasn't talking about it. 
>> Fred Upton, who is chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, he's charged with writing regulations that would control climate change emissions. And when I asked him this question, "Do you think climate change is causing the earth to become warmer?" and he smiled, nice guy, and said, "I'm sorry, I'm just not going to answer that." And he turned around and went on to the House floor, where as a reporter I'm not allowed to go. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Coral Davenport reports on energy and environmental issues for the National Journal. For him to say, "I don't want to talk about this" is that like the chairman of the Armed Services Committee saying, "I don't want to talk about the Pentagon?" 
>> Absolutely, yes. But I should say, that does seem to be a change in Chairman Upton's views before he took on this leadership. Fred Upton was, you know, has long been a moderate who's worked on this issue, who's reached across the aisle on these issues. Before he became chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, on his website, he had the phrase that "Climate Change is a Problem." That was deleted after he became chairman of the House Energy Committee. So, we're definitely seeing a shift on this. 

[00:30:53]


>> HOCKENBERRY: Chairman Upton declined Frontline's request for an interview. But the congressman wasn't the only one not talking. In 2011, the National Journal tried to poll all GOP lawmakers on climate change. 
>> I came up with the idea to ask every Republican member of Congress three simple questions about climate change. They were very simple. They are basically, you know, "Do you think that climate change is causing the earth to become warmer?" 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Straightforward. 
>> How much, if any of that, do you think is attributable to human activity? And what's the appropriate government response? And normally lawmakers love to answer questions, they love to opine. This was amazing. Members of Congress did not want to answer the question. In some cases they just said straight up, "I'm not going to answer that." In some cases what was really amazing is they literally ran into an elevator and the elevator closed when I asked. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: With their majority in the house, GOP lawmakers took steps to keep the issue from coming up at all, including dissolving the official House committee on global warming. Why did you reach out only to Republicans on this? 
>> It's rare to find a Democrat who will outright flatly question or deny the basic scientific precepts of climate change. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This new political environment has been an opportunity for lawmakers like Republican James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin to claim they are the new mainstream view on global warming. Do you believe global warming is caused by the activity of human beings? 
>> Partially, but not completely. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Percentage? 
>> Can't predict that. 
>> Hockenberry:30%, 50%? 
>> Well, I know it's not zero and I know it's not a hundred. I can't tell you what number it is in between. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: If 97% of scientists say it is mostly or significantly caused by human activity, what do you say to that? 

[00:32:56]


>> They are entitled to their opinion. But they are going to have to... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Do you think this will ever be settled scientifically if 97% consensus doesn't settle it for you? 
>> Well, I... you know, I think that it's up to the scientists and their supporters to convince the public that this is the right thing to do. And the supporters of that side of the argument in the Congress have beea huge flop. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: I visited one of the key Democrats on this issue, Massachusetts senator John Kerry. What had happened to all the momentum of four years ago? 
>> Well, American politics is being completely defined by huge sums of money. We had really a very broad coalition of people who believed that we ought to move forward and do something. But as the campaign of fear built up, people began to retreat. They spent huge sums of money in a campaign of major disinformation that had an impact, had a profound impact. And it has now made many people in public life very gun-shy, because they're afraid of having those amounts of money spent against them. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This is what 
they fear: what happened in 2010 to six-term South Carolina congressman Bob Inglis, a Republican who once thought he was a safe incumbent in his solidly red state. 
>> You know, I'm a pretty conservative fella. I got 93 American Conservative Union rating, 100% Christian Coalition, 100% National Right to Life, "A" with the NRA. Zero with the ADA, Americans for Democratic Action, a liberal group. And 23 by some mistake with the Afl-cio. I demand a recount. I wanted a zero. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: But Inglis does accept the scientic consens on global warming and favors legislation to curb the effects of CO2 in the atmosphere. He faced a Tea Party rebellion in his primary. 
>> I had a big tent gathering in Spartanburg County, a bunch of Republicans underneath a very big tent. 

[00:35:00]


Comes a question to me: "Yes or no, do you believe in human causation on climate change?" I had a bad habit of answering questions, so I said yes. "Boo, hiss" comes the crowd. I was blasted out from underneath the tent. I mean, there are a couple of hundred, 300 people there. I mean, it was intense. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: He was pounded in commercials and on talk radio. 
>> It became an oft-repeated theme on talk radio, and that is a major source of information, of course, for Republican primary voters. They were hearing, "Inglis has left the reservation, he is over there somewhere with Al Gore." So how are things around here? 
>> They're slow, how the economy is way off. 
>> When you get the financial collapse going, that's what made it possible for some well-spent money to blow doubt into the science, because, you know, the bankers failed us, the federal government is failing us, it's spending too much money, and these scientists who are funded by that federal government, they are probably in it too, and besides, they're godless liberals. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Inglis was defeated. 
>> Bob Ings was defeated in a Republican primary, 79% to 21%. Now, how many times has an incumbent who isn't in prison or facing a prison sentence lost his own primary by 79% to 21%? This was overwhelming. But, what's happened is... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The smile on your face suggests, "Man, we won one." 
>> Of course we won one. 
>> We're on the record and our grandchildren, our great-grandchildren are gonna read... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This climate hearing in the lame duck Congress was Inglis's last. 
>> ...your child is sick. 98 doctors say treat him this way, two say no, this other is the way to go. "I'll go with the two." You're taking a big risk with those kids. 

[00:37:12]


>> That was a very key factor in ten to 15 congressional districts in the 2010 election, where strong supporters of climate change legislation ended up being defeated. 
>> And there is nothing like a loss in an election to promo fear in the survivors. And that's exactly what happened in the United States Congress. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Beyond Washington, in wave after wave, the skeptic tactic of fighting scientific warnings with doubt and delay was finding success. Tennessee passed a law allowing the views of climate change skeptics to be taught in schools. A Virginia state legislator cut the words "sea level rise" from an official request to study coastal communities, calling it a left-wing term. Here in North Carolina, a warning from scientists on sea level rise would cause politicians to try and legislate climate change out of existence. 
>> They're here to try to protect these houses. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: In 2010, 19 scientists on a state commission warned of a possible sea level rise by the end of the century. 
>> Here you get an idea of the nature of these dunes. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Geologist Stanley Riggs was one of the scientists. 
>> What we were asked to do is to develop... What is the history of sea level rise and what can North Carolina expect 25 years from now, 50 years from now, a hundred years from now. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The report said to expect a 39-inch ocean rise, an estimate in the middle of a range consistent with other predictions for the region. 39 inches-- if that comes to pass here, everything we'd see... 
>> This town would be underwater. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The commission's warning was seen as a threat by a coastal economic development group, NC-20. 
>> Now you add the flood from a storm, hurricane, whatever... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Tom Thompson is the group's chairman. 
>> They had a draft policy which mandated that everything be designed and constructed to a 39-inch sea level rise. People that recommended we plan immediately for 39 inches did not understand the economic consequences. 

[00:39:24]


>> HOCKENBERRY: Thompson is a skeptic himself and fears scientists and their warnings more than he fears any climate change. You're not worried. 
>> I don't believe we're going to have a sea level rise anywhere close to that. I think there are credible scientists out there that are saying it's beginning to decelerate and I think it will. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: NC-20's website contains a familiar archive of skeptic information. There's the Oregon Petition and a host of sources for people oking to doubt the scientific consensus, people like North Carolina state representative Bill Cook. Well, who do you rely on? 
>> Iely on whatever science makes good sense. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: You want to show me? 
>> Sure. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: So this here is one of the sources? 
>> Yes, this is a book by Fred Singer and Dennis T. Avery. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Right. And what about this book really was meaningful to you? 
>> Well, it's very factual. It tells all the studies and gives you a complete bibliography on who did what kind of study and where it was done, and when it was done and how it was done. This book made better sense to me than what I've seen from other sources. CO2 is a gas that is used by all these beautiful trees, grass... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: It's a good thing. 
>> It's a good thing. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Cook cosponsored a bill to compel North Carolina to disregard scientific warnings about climate change. It was written by state senator David Rouzer. 
>> Well, you know, I don't necessarily listen to any one person and I can't, you know, tick off a whole list of scientists that are pro sea level rise and a whole list of scientists that aren't. I'm just coming at it from a common sense standpoint. The earth has been warming and cooling since day one. And, you know, the effect on sea level change, what do we know about it? 

[00:41:24]


>> HOCKENBERRY: The bill would limit authorities to considering historical data in their sea level projections. The future could only be based on the past. 
>> The problem is... I mean, North Carolina beachfronts are very close to sea level. You're very close and you're vulnerable because of hurricane effects, because of storm surges, and you're vulnerable because of high tides. Those vulnerabilities don't go away because you just legislate them away. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: When the bill hit the beaches of North Carolina, it had become so controversial that the provision disregarding global warming was dropped. But the science was put on hold for four years. There would have to be a new coastline study, and skeptic views would need to be considered. Well, you're winning. 
>> Well, we won this one. This was a home run. And we're going to be involved, I hope, in picking some of the scientists that come in to redo this thing, because they definitely were one-sided. 
>> The real estate people, and they have a lot to lose if we have to change... 
>> What they're saying is that we have to include all the naysayers and all the people who say climate change isn't happening, that sea level isn't rising. So it's got to be... 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Which makes it look like you are just one opinion? 
>> Yeah. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Which means you've lost? 
>> Well, for the moment. There's the tester right there. That ocean will dictate what happens. The ocean's going to win. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: But for now, back at the Heartland Conference in Chicago, they feel they're winning. Their campaign of alternative scientific studies, opinion pieces, books and advertising, charts and presentations has been building for years. It's been money well spent. In the early days, much of it came from fossil fuel interests. Heartland presenter Willie Soon has received money from ExxonMobil. Chris Horner was formerly a registered lobbyist for oil, gas and chemical companies. Climatologist Pat Michaels of the CATO Institute has estimated 40% of his funding has come from fossil fuel interests. 

[00:43:49]


>> ...of politics getting into science. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Exxon at one time was one of Heartland's most generous donors. 
>> There were a lot of corporations, including oil companies, that objected to the Kyoto accords in 1997. But most of them lobbied against the treaty on economic and fairness grounds. But Exxon did something that I think was fairly radical, which was that they chose to go after the science. 
>> And as for carbon dioxide, it isn't smog or smoke; it's what we breathe out and plants breathe in. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Borrowing tactics used on behalf of the tobacco industry, advocacy groups were enlisted to confuse the issue and shut down new federal regulations. 
>> They call it pollution, we call it life. 
>> A lot of these groups were run by economists, litigators, lawyers and public policy specialists-- people who specialized in getting a message out. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: This group may not have been scientists, but they were really good at this sort of thing. 
>> Well, some of them actually came out of campaigning on behalf of the tobacco industry. The explicit goal that was written down as part of this campaign was, let's create doubt, create a sense of a balanced debate and make sure that these lines of skepticism and dissent become routinely a part of public discussion about climate science. And, in fact, they succeeded at that. 
>> (chanting): Expose Exxon! Expose Exxon! 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Exxon's millions for skeptic groups made it a public target, which would eventually be a problem for a publicly traded company. 
>> Exxon, enough! 
>> HOCKENBERRY: When did this become a PR problem on some level for Exxon? 
>> Well, environmental groups, scientists and, later, members of Congress became aware of this campaigning, because it was right out in the open. At ExxonMobil shareholder meetings, some of these activists and dissenters started turning up to protest ExxonMobil's funding of such groups. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: In 2006, new leadership at ExxonMobil decided to reassess this "fight the science" strategy. 

[00:45:51]


>> They reviewed some of these free market groups that they had been funding, and they cut funding to the most radical among them, especially the smaller, sort of purpose-built groups that were just concentrating on attacking climate science. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Exxon stopped funding this Heartland Conference and its sponsors five years ago, but that didn't stop the broader mission of defending the free market. 
>> ...to close the deficit and ultimately pay off the national debt. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: If dealing with global warming did not involve intervention in the economy, would Heartland Institute be involved in this? 
>> That's a theoretical question. We believe in limited government and free markets. We believe in identifying and implementing sound-science free- market solutions to societal problems. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: And that message has generated solid financial support for activist groups like Americans for Prosperity. 
>> We have over 80,000 activists and donors across the country who fund AFP. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Some big donors? 
>> Sure, you bet. We are glad to have big donors, absolutely. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Exxon? 
>> I wish we had more corporate support (laughing). They don't tend to want to give to AFP very often. They think, frankly, that we are too outhere on the free market front. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: The Koch brothers? 
>> David Koch is the chairman of our AFP foundation. We are glad to have his support. We don't disclose the level of contributions. But we are very proud to have their support. 
>> Americans for Prosperity. We're blessed with just such a leader in our chairman, David Koch. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: With money from their oil and gas holdings, David Koch and his brother Charles, along with other powerful family foundations, have quietly become the venture capitalists of this free market ideology. 
>> ...American dream of free enterprise, capitalism ialive and well. 
>> The major funders of the climate countermovement are ideologically driven foundations that are very much concerned about conservative values and world views. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Sociologist and Stanford fellow Robert Brulle is studying the funding patterns of these groups. In fact, he's noticed a new benefactor, an entity called DonorsTrust. 

[00:47:53]


>> HOCKENBERRY: Who's DonorsTrust? 
>> DonorsTrust, I think, is a C-4 or C-3 that's given to us, absolutely. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: We discovered that nearly half of Americans for Prosperity's support comes from DonorsTrust. And do you know who is behind it? 
>> I think their board is publicly listed. I'm pretty sure. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Their directors are listed, but the donors aren't. From this office on an unassuming street in Alexandria, Virginia, according to public records, DonorsTrust has become the number one supporter of the groups that lead this movement. 
>> We don't know a lot about Donorsust. It is a black box with a few little clues coming out here and there but no real image can be formed yet. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: DonorsTrust supports "limited government and free enterprise" with a promise of anonymity, their website says, "for donors who wish to safeguard their charitable intent." 
>> So you see this shift from attributable funding to anonymous funding, which insulates the giver from any kind of political fallout from their giving. Is that people were organizing around, "Oh, evil ExxonMobil. Oh, evil Koch Brothers." Now it's DonorsTrust, Donors Capital. Who are they? They get money, they give it out. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: And that quiet money buys a platform for people like Christopher Monkton. 
>> The scientists who are pushing this have a political agenda. It's a Marxist agenda. Of course they wouldn't call themselves that. They call themselves environmentalist. Green is the new red, if you like. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Amidst all of the conspiratorial language and arguable claims by the skeptics, the idea of doing something about climate change has gotten lost. 
>> This is not just an economic issue or an environmental concern, this is a national security crisis. 

[00:49:56]


>> HOCKENBERRY: The national call to action from just four years ago has vanished. 
>> The facts of global warming demand our urgent attention. 
>> I think the risks of climate change are real and that you're eing climate change. I think human activity is contributing to it. 
>> We don't always see eye to eye, do we, Newt? 
>> No, but we do agree our country must take action to address climate change. 
>> Why would you ever do a commercial with Nancy Pelosi? 
>> I was really stupid. 
>> Do you believe global warming, man-made global warming is real? 
>> I believe we don't know. 
>> We don't know what's causing climate change. 
>> There is no such thing as global warming. 
>> The science is not settled on this. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Even for Presidt Obama, action on climate change has been only a passing reference in a close election campaign. 
>> Denying climate change won't make it stop. These things won't make for a brighter future. 
>> That issue is not good for them right now. If you've noticed, the president doesn't talk much about it. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: I've noticed. 
>> I mean, I've noticed that. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Does that make you feel good? 
>> I think it says a lot about the effort and I think it says a lot about Americans making a decision. 
>> It's real interesting, because we don't hear Barack Obama talking much about it. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: I know. 
>> We don't hear Mitt Romney talking much about it. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: What if you're wrong? 
>> What if anybody is wrong in this debate? 
>> HOCKENBERRY: What if you're wrong? 
>> Then I'll have to say I'm sorry. And I wish we could speed up our efforts to reverse the policies that we have supported here at Cei. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: Apologies or not, inaction has consequences. 
>> Temperature records broken by the hundred. 
>> HOCKENBERRY: There is now no concerted national response to climate change. And delay, the scientific community says, is what the planet simply can't afford. 
>> Climate change is coming. It means drought, it means fire, it means suffering. 
>> The entire climate is changing. It's affecting our energy, our water, our agriculture and our health. 

[00:51:57]


>> The record-setting drought has forced it to drink from its last reserves. 
>> The amount of sea ice on the Arctic Ocean, 2012 is a record low. 
>> The problem with climate change is, I think to many Americans it is seen like a threat not to living generations but future generations. And with that uncertainty, and with the economic climate that we are in, Americans have been unwilling to impose a tax on themselves in order to protect generatis as yet unborn. It may be that over the next ten or 15 years, Americans will reconsider the ideas that were propounded by these campaigners, that there's a lot of doubt about all of the tenets of this science, and follow a different kind of intuition, which is that this is here with us now. 
>> Next te on Frontline... 
>> The Supreme Court put elections in the hands of corporations and big money. 
>> Montana. The surprising battleground over campaign finance. 
>> Somebody was buying the state out. 
>> More ads, more spending, more negativity. 
>> Look who's controlling the message. It's these outside groups. 
>> It doesn't corrupt the process. It's necessary for the process. 
>> We're not seeing where the money's coming fro 
>> What's more important to this country than free speech? 
>> "Big Sky, Big Money," a Frontline election special. 
>> Frontline continues online, with a multimedia timeline that tracks the change in public opinion about climate change. 
>> David vs. Goliath. 
>> More from those behind the campaign to change the scientific and political consensus. 
>> And I think that's made a big difference. 
>> Examine the media's role. 
>> By the way, not a hybrid. 
>> Follow Frontline on Facebook and Twitter, or share your thoughts at pbs.org/frontline. 
>> Frontline is made possible by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Thank you. And by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Major funding is provided by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, committed to building a more just, verdant and peaceful world. Additional funding is provided by the Park Foundation, dedicated to heightening public awareness of critical issues. And by the Frontline Journalism Fund. With grants from Scott Nathan and Laura DeBonis, and Millicent Bell, through the Millicent and Eugene Bell Foundation. Major funding for this program is provided by the Kendeda Fund. Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org 

[00:54:59]


>> For more on this and other Frontline programs, visit our website at pbs.org/frontline. Fronine's "Climate of Doubt" is available on DVD. To order, visit shopPBS.org or call 1-800-play-pbs. Frontline is also available for Download on itunes. They believed they could face any hardship. Weather any storm. But nothing could prepare them... For this. From Ken Burns... An epic saga of lands scarred. Dreams buried. And hopes reborn. The Dust Bowl. Only on PBS. 

﻿Title: Golf: The Inner Game
Description: Strategies help improve player concentration and confidence.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 8/11/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

for the game, and pu check his self-imposed limitations as a result of his inner game lesson with Tim Gallwey. 
>> In the hole. 
>> In the hole? 
>> Yeah. 
>> Really weird. 
>> Stay tuned to improve your golf game with Golf-- the Inner Game. 
>> Explore new words and new ideas through programs like this, made available for everyone through contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. 
>> As a boy, Tim Gallwey was a nationally ranked tennis player in his division, and later captained his Harvard University team. His seminal book The Inner Game of Tenniscreated a revoluonary way of learning that can be applied to all fields of sports. Many regard Tim's work as having paved the foundation of sports psychology. Tim teaches players of all levels how to conquer the inner game first-- the one that goes on in the mind, and is often the stumbling block to success. Critics have hailed Tim's inner game techniques as some of the most highly regarded and proven self help tools ever created. 
>> Have you ever done someing extraordinary, and then wondered why you couldn't repeat it? Well, according to the inner game, we all have much more potential than we realize. It also says that we interfere with that potential much more than we'd like to admit. e inner game is all about increasing the expression of that potential while decreasing self interference. The inner game is a game that takes place in your and in your heart. It's all the internal obstacles that take place within the person, and your trust in your own potential. So it's overcoming fear, doubt, lapses in concentration, and accessing your potential to perfm in any given arena. 

[00:02:09]


>> I'm terrified about the lesson, only because, you know, I read Tim's book. You know, he was a great tennis player. You know, he's a visionary. And I'm forced to then reconnect with who I am. Because it forces you to identify with your soul, really. You know, it's from the inside out rather than the outside in. You know, which is all the best things in life. But having to think about that process, or not knowing how I'm going to arrive at that process, is terrifying and exciting. I mean, this is very cool, and we'll just see what happens. 
>> So Dan, absolutely no instructions. 
>> Okay. 
>> Notng you can do wrong. 
>> I know you'll save me in the end, so okay, good. 
>> No, it's not at the end. It'll be from the beginning. 
>> Okay, cool. 
>> From the beginning, all we'll do is try to increase feel, just feel. 
>> Great. 
>> And that means being aware of your by as you putt. Really, all the inner game techniques are trying to accomplish two objectives. One is accessing their potential. And the second is decreasing the interference with that potential. So doubt, fear, trying too hard, overcontrol, attachment to results, all interfere with the potential a person has. So the idea is each technique is designed to increase awareness and decrease interference. I want you to shut your eyes and see if you can feel where the grass is. 
>> Okay. 
>> With your eyes shut. Eyes shut. Dan started off his putting quite well. He was calm. But he always had to be thinking about how he was doing it. My job was to get him to stop thinking and just feel. 

[00:04:16]


>> Oh, I made one. 
>> You weren't supposed to know. And he got into it. He sunk his last two putts, and the last pattern was very close to the hole. Could you feel your club a little bit more? 
>> Yeah, I could. 
>> It's getting a little bright. So now we're going to do awareness of direction. You don't have to shut your eyes, but you don't get to look. 
>> Oh, okay. 
>> Okay? 
>> All right. 
>> And you're going to tell me, does the ball go left or right of the hole? 
>> Oh, okay. But I can't look at the hole. 
>> You can look at it now. 
>> Oh, okay. 
>> Not after the putt. 
>> Okay, all right. 
>> Feels like I hit it too strong and it went to thright. 
>> Absolutely correct. So you win on that one. 
>> I pulled it, and probably left, and probably ran away. 
>> Did you try to correct? 
>> Yeah, I tried to correct. I know, I shouldn't have done that. That feels like it's fairly close speedwise, but still probably finished to the right a little bit. That seems like I left it left. 
>> A little bit right. 
>> Okay. 
>> The hard part for you is going to be not trying to hit the ball in the hole. Don't try to hit it in the hole. Just know where it goes. 
>> That seems like it's pretty close to being on line with the hole. That felt like it would be pretty close. 
>> Take a look. 
>> What's amazing is the overall pattern is... 
>> Yeah. 
>> Yeah. 
>> That's good. 
>> The hardest thing you find, like, being a really bad golfer, is what you do right. Everyone knows what they do wrong, and they focus on it. But what you do right, that's the mystery of life. 
>> Let's see if you can tell me how you know it went right. 

[00:06:18]


>> That feels like it went left. 
>> Can't find it anywhere, can you? 
>> Oh. Did that go in? 
>> That went in. 
>> Oh, okay. 
>> That felt like maybe it's a little long, and slightly right, but fairly close. 
>> You're right. It went to the right side, in the hole. 
>> It went in? 
>> In the hole to the right side. Don't try to do it again. Your goal is to know where it goes. Caught you. 
>> Okay. I thought that was too strong, and that might have gone left. 
>> You're correct. Left hand side of the hole, in the hole. 
>> In the hole? 
>> Yeah., 
>> That's really weird. That's very cool. 
>> Okay. Very good. 
>> Yeah, I know. If I was trying, I'd love to have that pattern. 
>> All that cluster of about eight balls near the hole, distance was perfect. 
>> So I'm not trying to break down or analyze my movement other than that tendency that you said to be aware of... about being aware of it, but not trying to manipulate it. 
>> Yeah, but even forget "it." 
>> Okay. 
>> Forget about "it." Just say, "I'm going to feel my putter. I'm going to feel what it does." 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> "If I pull, I'll know it. If I don't, I'll know it." A lot of those you didn't pull at all. 
>> It's amazing, because yeah, my.. 
>> You just need to forget that story that, "I always pull," because you'll manifest it. 
>> Right. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Self-fulfilling prophecy. 
>> Self-fulfilling prophecy. 
>> Yeah. 
>> This is fascinating to see how Dan responds to this lesson from Tim. Every time Tim presents one of the techniques, Dan picks right up on it. These are simple yet profound techniques, and you can put them to work in your own golf game when you give us a call and make a pledge at the $60 level. When you do that, we'll send you the DVD of The Inner Game of Golf. There are more than a dozen techniques that will help improve your game right away. Whether you're a beginner, whether you're an expert, maybe you're somewhere in between, you want to make an improvement in your golf game, this is the way it will happen. Please make a call, make that pledge of support. We'll say thank you for that pledge of support by sending you the DVD. This will help you get clarity. It will help you increase your focus. It will help you remove the self doubt that plagues us in so many sports activities. Tim has come up with so many wonderful answers to just abou every problem you've ever experienced playing golf. So please give us a call, make the pledge of support, get the Dvd. 

[00:09:08]


>> You know, the gs of Tim Gallwey is that he's not focusing on the outer game of golf-- you know, the one that determines whether you're putting that golf ball the right way, or you're driving the golf ball the right way. He's focusing on the inner game, the one that goes on right here, the one that causes you to be stressed out, the one that causes you to self sabotage. Well, the good news is Tim Gallwey also has a great way out if it. If you go to the phone and make a pledge right now for $60, we would love to send you the DVD that will give you over a dozen great techniques that will help you get your golf game on track.If you can step up a little more, we would love to also send you what we call the combo, which is to get the DVD and Tim's book, The Inner Game of Golf. Believe me, this is a survival guide for anybody who's playing golf for the first time, or is also shut down. I know what that's all about. So go to that phone, make a pledge right now. We're waiting for your call. 
>> On the DVD, in addition to the broadcast show that you're watching, you'll get over 60 minutes of instruction. Tim will guide you through the over one dozen steps that will get your golf game back on track. For a $60 pledge, you'll get your own private lesson, so you can swing better, putt better, and improve your overall golf game. Tim Gallwey's been called the Godfather of Coaching. Learn from the best, and put the hole in one back in your golf game. You know, Tim Gallwey has really revolutionized the way we think about golf. It's no wonder that people all around the globe have adapted his techniques. I have to say he's a genius. And one of the wonderful things that he does is he makes it so accessible. And that's why we feel excited today to really bring you all of his techniques right here on Public Television. So right now I want you to do yourself a favor. If you're a weekend golfer, or if you're just stuck in the mud, go to the phone, make a pledge of support for $60, and we would love to send you the DVD that outlines over a dozen great techniques that you can try at home. You know, there's one called relaxed concentration. And you think, "Boy, those terms seem at odds with each other." But in fact, they're not. And Tim will explain it in the most accessible way. So if you want to get yourself turned on to the game of golf again, if you want to inspire yourself, Tim is the man who can be your guide. 

[00:11:27]


>> On the DVD, in addition to the broadcast show that you're watching, you'll get over 60 minutes of instruction. Tim will guide you through the over one dozen steps that will get your golf game back on track. For a $60 pledge, you'll get your own private lesson, so you can swing better, putt better, and improve your overall golf game. Step up your donation to the $100 level, and we'll send you the Inner Game of Golfcombo set, which includes the Inner Golf instructional DVD and Tim Gallwey's bestselling Inner Game of Golfsoftcover book. Tim Gallwey's been called the Godfather of Coaching. Learn from the best, and put the hole in one back in your golf game. 
>> Dan, here we are on the driving range now. 
>> Okay. 
>> And really, the first thing is just to get warmed up and hit about five, six balls, and we'll just see where they go. 
>> Yeah, yeah. That'll be an adventure. 
>> It'll be interesting. They'll go somewhere. 
>> Yeah, yeah. They're bound to go somewhere, right. 
>> Okay. 
>> Uh-oh. 
>> Uh-oh. I see what you mean about the variety. 
>> Yeah, I have a wide range of misses. 
>> Wide variety. Is that about average, or a little bit better, a little bit worse? 
>> It's kind of worse than average. 
>> A little worse than average. Where was your target? 
>> I wasn't thinking about target. I was just... 
>> Oh, that was a nice draw. 
>> I was trying not to hit the fence. 
>> Oh. So what else were you trying to do or not do? Trying not to hit the fence. 
>> Yeah. Trying not to hit fat. 
>> Not to hit fat. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> What else? 
>> What I always try to do is to think about just finishing the swing and trying to find a tempo. 
>> Let's see what happens if you don't try to do any of those three things. 

[00:13:30]


>> Okay. 
>> You don't try not to hit the fence, you don't try not to hit fat, and you don't try to follow through correctly. You don't try not to. 
>> Okay. Don't try not to. 
>> Don't try not to. You just don't put any control on it. 
>> Okay. 
>> Because maybe you don't need it, maybe you do. So don't try not to hit fat. 
>> Okay. 
>> Let fat happen. 
>> Okay, that would be a shank, right. 
>> That would be thin, not fat. 
>> Tim is letting you know that I'm just putting them there. These obstacles are things that are needless. 
>> You didn't try not to hit the fence, and you did. 
>> Yeah, right. 
>> And he's giving me options to find my way back to just being in the moment, and creating my own process for it, and then really ultimately enjoying it, the whole thing, golf, or whatever it is, a lot more. A little fat. 
>> A little fat. You know how it got there? You were trying to do something. You didn't see it? 
>> No. 
>> Didn't see it. Okay. We'll find tt. 
>> Okay. 
>> We'll find it. 
>> Sorry about... and I'm sorry for ruining your landscape. 
>> I want you to take a couple of practice swings, no ball. 
>> Okay. 
>> And make a sound while you're swinging. So you'll be like, "Ah." 
>> Ah. 
>> A little louder. 
>> Okay. 
(coughs) 
(laughs) Ah. 
>> When does the "ah" stop? 
>> When I run out of oxygen. 
>> Really? 
>> No, I don't know. 
>> Check and see. 
>> Kind of as I finish. After I hit the grass I sort of... 
>> Ah, it stops after the grass. 
>> Okay, let me try that again. Ah. Yeah, I sort of... yeah. 
>> Right about at contact. 
>> Yeah, yeah. 
>> Something's tightening in your larynx. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> Now let's try with the real swing, and make a sound. 

[00:15:33]


>> Am I supposed to make a sound when I'm swinging? 
>> Nice and loud, yeah. 
>> Okay. Ah. 
(laughg) 
>> The humming technique makes a person more aware of what's going on in their body. 
>> Ah. 
>> It amplifies degrees of tightness in the body. So when you take a practice swing, it's something like, "Ah." Yeah, again. 
>> Ah. 
>> It's much smoother, isn't it? And then when you take the swing in front of the ball it goes, "Ah..." (cutting off sound) And you see that something's tightening up the moment of impact. Ah... (cutting off sound) 
>> Yeah, yeah. 
>> And that tightening tightens on the club, pulls it open, makes it shank. 
>> Ah. 
>> By listening to the voice you get better feedback, and you can learn when your body's truly relaxing. 
>> Ah. Ah. Uh-oh. Yeah, see, that time I could actually feel myself tight. Right when I did I could feel my body... 
>> With your right arm? 
>> Yeah. Ah. 
>> That was your best shot. 
>> That time I'm feeling it kind of tighten ukind of in my backswing, even. Right when I was about here I sort of, like, tightened up. 
>> Tighten up. So just notice it, don't try to relax. Just notice when it tightens. 
>> Okay. Ah. 
>> So when did it tighten that time? 
>> It felt like it tightened just about the hit or just after it, so it was much better. 
>> Right. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Could you tell where? 
>> No. 
>> Okay. So find out where. 
>> It seems right in here somewhere. 
>> Okay. 
>> Yeah. Ah. Ah. Uh-oh. Came across it. 

[00:17:36]


>> When did it tighten? 
>> Before the hit. 
>> Before the hit. 
>> Yeah. 
>> And what tightened? 
>> Physically? 
>> Yep. 
>> My left hand. 
>> Left hand. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Interesting. So whatever that tightness is, it's an effort to control something you think you should be doing. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> You stop trying to do anything right, your swing is much more fluid. You're getting much better results. My job was to tell him, "Don't fix it. Let it happen again." Then he'd hit it straight down the middle of the fairway. 
>> And that actually went pretty straight. 
>> Pretty straight, pretty far. 
>> Yeah. 
>> His last ten seven irons were between 170 and 185 yards, and were straight down the middle. That's perfect. He hardly noticed them. He noticed the ones he didn't hit well. What do you usuall your seven iron? About 150, 155 if I hit it well. 
>> But he also knew when he let go and he didn't swing so hard he was getting much more distance than before. Thank you, Dan. You must be a little tired. 
>> I've never hit so many golf balls in my entire life. 
>> Well... 
>> But it's amazing, the process. 
>> Sinking in, might have been. 
>> Oh, yeah. This is something I can take with me always. It's incredible. 
>> T Randy. 
>> Randy. 
>> Hello, Dan. 
>> I want to tell you what Randy's been doing while you've been sweating on the golf course. He's been keeping track of every ball you hit. 
>> That's what I said-- frightening. 
>> So Dan, what we started out with, we started out with your just beginning, the warmups. And you were kind of, like hitting them, or mishitting a lot of your shots to begin with. 
>> That would be my MO. 
>> And we went through that for, oh, maybe about 15 or 20 shots. And then about 20 shots into it you were starting to hit your seven iron 160 yards. 
>> Wow, really? 
>> And then it went from 160 to 175 yards. And then there was a shot that you had that was about 180 yards. 

[00:19:43]


>> Wow. 
>> So... and you were hitting right down the center, each one of those down the center. 
>> You had three against the fence, and everything else was down the center. 
>> Wow. It's incredible. I've never hit that many golf balls in my entire life. And I never thought I could hit that many golf balls and not get all mental. But Tim takes you down an entirely different process, and I think you could do this for making cottage cheese. I mean, anything that you do, anything worth spending your time at, it's worth reframing in way that I think is much more human and enjoyable, and less about the mechan... I think we get... we're so hung up, you know, with mechanics and the intricacies, and the lesson plans, and instead about, like, connecting with who you are and how you relate to the moment. And, I mean, it was like... I was horrendous, and yet, you know, when they showed me the logs later, I had never... and I haven't hit a ball in a long time. You know, this is the truth. I have no connection with that golf club. And it was amazing how many good shots I did hit. And the less I knew, the better it got. And it's not an accident. And that whole process, he leads you down a path where you start to reconnect with yourself. I'm not a scratch golfer today, you know, but I enjoy it much more. And I think it's something not only can everyone use, but I think it crossed platforms, as we say. I mean, you can take his book and his teaching, and it works for pretty much anything in terms of if you'd like to make fe a littlbit more fulfilling. 
>> You can experience this same kind of growth when you put these techniques to work in your own golf game. Now, the way to do that is to get all of the techniques right there at your fingertips. Make a pledge of support at the $60 level, we'll send you the DVD of The Inner Game of Golf. There are more than a dozen techniques on this DVD that Tim has tried and teed over the years. Now, if you can step up that pledge to the $100 level, we'll also include The Inner Game of Golfbook. There are wonderful stories and examples of how these techniques have changed people's lives. So we would love to send them to you right now for your pledge of support. Among the techniques are, of course, humming and blind putting and overcoming self doubt. These are so simple, yet they make such a difference. You can make all the difference right now when you support Public Television and the great information that you can't get anywhere else. We're waiting for your call. 

[00:22:21]


>> You know, one of the great messages that Tim Gallwey offers is that one of the things that people always tend to do when they're trying to play golf is that they try too hard. In fact, you know, he put it to the test. He went to a driving range and he asked people, "What are you doing?" And what they said repeatedly was, "I'm trying not to slice. I'm trying to keep my head down. I'm trying to drive harder." And he said, "You know, that's the problem." The problem is, don't try. You just have to relax, and you have to go with it. And I think that's an incredible message. Does that resonate with you? I know it resonates with me. And I really am a deep weekend golfer. Anyway, we hope this program is resonating with you. It can change your game of golf. Go to the phone right now, show your support. We would love as a thank-you gift... for a $60 membership pledge we would love to send you the DVD with over a dozen great techniques that you can try at home. If you can step up a little higher, we'd also love to send you not only the DVD, but the Inner Game of Golfbook. Together this is a great survival kit, and it will get your golf game back on track. So go to that phone, make a pledge right now. 
>> On the DVD, in addition to the broadcast show that you're watching, you'll get over 60 minutes of instruction. Tim will guide you through the over one dozen steps that will get your golf game back on track. For a $60 pledge, you'll get your own private lesson, so you can swing better, putt better, and improve your overall golf game. Step up your donation to the $100 level and we'll send you the Inner Game of Golfcombo set, which includes the inner golf instructional DVD and Tim Gallwey's bestselling Inner Game of Golfsoftcover book. Tim Gallwey's been called the Godfatr of Coaching. Learn from the best, and put the hole in one back in your golf game. Tim Gallwey's Inner Game of Golfis a revolutionary program that will help overcome the self doubt, the nervousness, and the lapses in concentration that can make playing golf no fun. So for you to put these techniques to work, give us a call, make a pledge of support at the $60 level, and we will send you the Inner Game of Golf Dvd. 60 minutes of instruction here that's like having your own private session with celebrity coach Tim Gallwey. Now, if you can step up that pledge to the $100 level, we'll also send the book of The Inner Game of Golf. Now, there's a wonderful quote in this book about learning. And that is "To be a student takes trust, not in the teacher, but in yourself." Tim is going to show you how to trust yourself, how to know that you already have that potential locked inside of you, and how to let it out. Your golf game is going to improve right away, just by putting even one of these techniques to work. So please give us a call, make a pledge of support to Public Television. We'll send you a wonderful thank-you gift, and send you on your way. Please give us a call now. 

[00:25:16]


>> You know, I was reading in Tim Gallweys' Inner me of Golf book. Do you know what the number one problem that most golfers face is? Tightness. Does that sound familiar to you? Do you tighten uwhen you get stressed out? Do you tighten up when you feel like you're not going to hit that ball far enough? Do you tighten up when you're about to make a little putt on the golfing range? Well, the fact is it's an easy idea, and it's alsa very common problem that you can do something about. Tim Gallwey really revolutionized the way we think about and the way we approach golf, and it really is all about psychology, what goes on in here. Go to that phone, make a membership pledge right now, and I would love to send to you Tim Gallwey's Inner Game of Golf book. You will love it. It's easy reading, straightforward. We'll also send right along with the book the DVD that has over a dozen great techniques that you can try right at home. Or if you just want to get started, you will love getting the DVD. Over an hour of great techniques. It's a private golfing lesson that you can have. It's just Tim and you home. Tim Gallwey has revolutionized the way we think about golf, and we're so excited to be bringing him to you, our Public Television viewers. We're opening the door on a new world. We want to put the fun back in golf. So go to the phone, make a pledge right now, call that number on the screen. You can also pledge online. And if you'valready called, thanks. 
>> On the DVD, in addition to the broadcast show that you're watching, you'll get over 60 minutes of instruction. Tim will guide you through the over one dozen steps that will get your golf game back on track. For a $60 pledge, you'll get your own private lesson, so you can swing better, putt better, and improve your overall golf game. Step up your donation to the $100 level and we'll send you the Inner Game of Golfcombo set, which includes the inner golf instructional DVD and Tim Gallwey's bestselling Inner Game of Golfsoftcover book. Tim Gallwey's been called the Godfather of Coaching. Learn from the best, and put the hole in one back in your golf game. Desire it. Hit it exactly the way you want. 

[00:27:32]


>> Uh-oh. 
>> Very nice. One more shot. Find the desire and the key, let it express ielf. Beaut, beaut. 
>> That was... felt a lot better. 
>> Felt a lot better. Could you feel the desire? 
>> Yeah. Well, yeah, I stayed there with it. 
>> You stayed with the desire. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Explore new worlds and new ideas through programs like this, made available for everyone through contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Be more. Pbs. 

[00:29:42]


- Hi. I'm murray from "sesame street," and I'm looking for the word on the street. What's the word on the street? 
- Embarrassed. 
- What does the word embarrassed mean? 
- Embarrassed is when you feel ashamed. Let's say someone finds out one of your secrets, you'd feel embarrassed because they weren't supposed to know that. 

﻿Title: Good Day at 4:30
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 4/25/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

W. Forty-four in millville. Chillier 41 in mount pocono. Forty-eight in cape may. Not as cold as it was yesterday but still on the cool side ape here is where we're headed for the rest of the afternoon. Fifty-four, clear skies but then increasing clouds throughout the the afternoon. We could see a stray shower but not everybody will, it will be very few and far between from this warm front that is going to becoming through, a 73-degree high temperature. 
>>> That is your fox cast fr the weather authority, kacie mcdonnell is back and you gotout of the boham just in time we have a tropical storm down there. We were getting blow away. I'm like we're in the getting out. You have to go to work tomorrow. I know, I was bumming out, i go away for a week and water mareaks are still being a pain in the butt. I a will guys for that but lets get to those, I'll get you around those this morning. Walnut street closed between second and fourth. You can use chestnut or market to get around that here's another one-third street closed between locust and market, fourth and fifth streets will both get you around. That lets get out to the roads in the philadelphia area, sp garden street right here by 76, these taillights are not existent are heading for city. My favorite shot, start out with that. Good morning, karen. 
>> Good morning, welcome back. The nice to have you back. Busy traffic day. 
>> Hopefully, it is calm. 
>> All right. Other big story is presidential politics. President barack obama and republican presidential challenger mitt romney facing off for third final time last night. The debate took place the lynn university in boca raton, florida. The focus was on foreign policy this time around. 
>> Well, my strategy is pretty straightforward which is to go after the bad guys, to make sure we do our very best to interrupt, to kill them, to take them out of the picture but my strategy is broader than that. That is important, of course, but the the keys that we're going to have to pursue is a pathway to get the the muslim world to be able to reject streamism on our own. 

[00:02:15]


>> First we should not have a tim line in afghanistan, then you said we should. Now you say maybe or it depends. Which means not only were you wrong but you were confusing sending mixed messages to our troops and our allies. What we need to to with respect to the middle east is stro steady leadership, not wrong, reckless leadership that is all over the map and unfortunately that is the kind of opinions that you have offered throughout this campaign and it is not a recipe for american strength or keeping america strength around the world. 
>> Well, they did agree on some issues each stressing support for israel when asked about a u.S. Response if the eye jewish state were attacked by iran. 
>>> Chickie and pete's typically a place where we watch sporting events. Everybody watching the the big tv screen because they are watching the the debate. Me potential voters watching, obsly president and former governor facing off on the issues. Some claps and cheers for both sides of the aisle but tension in the just building during the debate, in public, people are flaring their frustrations in different ways. We see this every year where people vandal ice the signs. Governor mitt romney signs are vandalized, some destroyed. This is a warning of the third and final debate someone tore up willitstown township. They say they had it on their lawn. They put tonight that mailbox. Another sign was damage at a interest section. 
>> It is like desperation, i don't know why you would choose my sign. 
>> It is in the just romney signs. Police say president obama's sign was damage on sugar town road last week and police, they take the incident seriously they say they have not even seen a lot of vandalism this election. Something that happens every time we have heated contests. 
>>> Mancused of killing an off-duty philadelphia police officer with his carries scheduled to be in court today. Police say this was a live triangle, kareem allen his three two-year old ozer mark brady head on while brady was riding a bike heading to his ex-girlfriend's home with whom he has several children. The or guy was the woman's current boyfriend at the the time of the whole thing. He is charged with homicide by vehicle and involuntary manslaughter. 4:34. A temple university football player is also going to be appearing in court this morning on charges of kidnapping and simple assault. Defensive ailed jamal johnson confronted his girlfriend last month thinking she may have cheated on him. He he is accused of pushing her down the steps and holding her against her will. He turn himself into police. 

[00:04:54]


>>> There is a formerrer montgomery county priest who will be before a judge. H his name is andrew mccormack. He he is charged with sexually assaulting a ten used alter boy. He was suspended la year for possible misconduct and arrested and charged at the his home in pottstown in july. 
>>> So, it is safe to say it is a very, very busy news day. We will get to the top headlines and bring you the fun stuff, pressing questions, like your nails. Gel nails, I just got one of those, yesterday are they good, are they not? Are we putting ourself at risk. We will talk about that and other concerns throughout the the course of the morning. We'll be right back. cereal, I've never written a fan letter before, but you've done what I thought was impossible: You made good-for-you, gluten-free cereals in a whole bunch of yummy flavors. Cinnamon chex and honey nut chex are two of our favorites. When my husband rob found the chocolate one, we were in cereal heaven. The only problem is, with so many great flavors you're making it very hard to choose. So thanks. From your fans, the mcgregor family. 'Cause we love chex. 
[ Male Announcer ] LOVE CHEX? Connect with us on facebook. ?????? ?????? I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! My bowl, my spoons! Mom, are those my jeans? 

[00:07:11]


[ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios has whole grain and 110 delicious calories. ...More grains. Less you! Multigrain Cheerios ] dreamy taste in multi-grain cheerios peanut butter. 
>>> Welcome back at 4:38. Here on good day we always start early and we appreciate all of youut there that wake up so early, and join us and help us begin the day. We have a driver and his pregnant wife and they are recovering after a very scary accident on the schuylkill expressway. There was a tire that breaks off of a tractor trailer and nails their car and goes right off the hood and slams into the windshield. There it is, so then it went bouncing off their car and landed on that roof. That is the philadelphia housing authority's training center in south philadelphia. But, it is all still pretty much a piss try of how this all occurred. Investigators are looking for whatever truck it was that lost that tire. 

[00:09:35]


>>> And also, a horrific accident we showed you yesterday, it tied up traffic for the entire day there was a pen to the worker killed, two others seriously hurt in the tractor trailer accident on the pennsylvania turnpike yesterday. There was that box truck that slammed into a turnpike work truck, on the eastbound side of the highway between valley forge and norristown. This crash tied up traffic for hours. 
>>> All right. It is 4:40 on the button. So, we really enjoyed yesterday and we're excited. I'm going almost back to summer clothes just for this week, that is what I decided. 
>> I'm wearing flip-flops as we speak. Oh, I get it, I cannot bear to put them away just yet. Before we get to our weather, I thght I would tell you about the latest tropical storm that became sandy yesterday. We showed you the tropical depression towards the end of good day yesterday but there is tropical storm sandy 300 miles from jamaica with 45 miles an hour winds. The is there another tropical depression out in the middle of the atlantic that is not threatening anybody at the moment. But all eyes will be on sandy for the rest of this week to see where it goes because it is project to take a north ward track. We will go into more details on that during the program, that we call good day, and we generally do that every day. We call it good day. 52 degrees is our current temperature and it is milder then it was yesterday when we were in the upper 40's, just a smidge milder. Let's break down the seven day forecast. We did have that ten yesterday. Reason we don't have a ten today is because it will be cloudy by the even of the afternoon. We're starting off with plenty of sunshine and we will get to 73 degrees. Still looking g we cannot rule out a stray sure by the end of the day. The mostly cloudy and mild tomorrow with the frontal system kind of hanging around but not a lot of moisture with it, but just some clouds, but we're in the mid 70's both today and tomorr, lower 70's on wednesday, and thursday, two beautiful days. We are backup to a nine by thursday, and saturday's high we could get a few showers on sunday and possibly on monday and those are the days when we head back down in the 60's. The that is your weather authority's seven day forecast, let's check with kacie and see what is going on the the road. 

[00:11:52]


>> Not so much, I don't have too much to tell you guys to look out for right new but this tends to be a pretty big problem in rush hour. Pretty anything westbound side of 195 between exit seven and six. Is there construction there. It is down to one lne. Lots of cars moving through that point. 524 will be your alternate. Keep that in mine in the next two to three weeks until that construction wraps up. Lots get out to the roads, 476 at 76, those headlights are north bound on 476 just getting on to the schuylkill right here. Now we will head down to the vine and if that is where you are headed no delays in either direction. These taillights are heading westbound out towards 476 and right here we have eastbound towards 95, back to you, karen. 
>>> When we come back, we have lots more news. It has been busy, busy overnight, busy day yesterday. We have more headlines to get to and we will get you the the secret recipe between mcdonald's frenchfries why they are so good we know the secret. We will tell you. 4:45 on the button. Welce back. Well, there are a lot of parents in delaware county not happy demanding answers because principal of one of the schools, springton middle school in media is focus of the federal investigation. Doctor troy was placed on add minute street I have leave last week when the feds say that they were investigating h him for mail fraud? District did notify parents but some say we never got a call. 

[00:16:07]


>>> So here's a question it is that time of the the year again when lots of kids get excited they get their costumes and they go trick or treating. One says we will not the do it this year. They have decided to stop celebrating halloween all together in schools. John anderson goes out to phoenixville in chester county to find out why. >>Eporter: Tyler is enjoying fall traditions on a visit to his grandmother's house jumping in leaves ape getting ready for halloween. 
>> I like to get candy. 
>> Reporter: If tyler went to school in the phoenixville area school district he could not wear his halloween costume to school. 
>> I'm surprised, shocked, shocked, I didn't know that. 
>> Reporter: Phoenixville school board decided to skip halloween and instead make it a fall festival. Superintendent doctor alan begley told me in a voice mail that the principals of a elementary schools decided to make it one unified celebration of fall and that they notified parent back in august in the welcome back newsletter of the fall celebration, and that costumes and parades would the not be included. Outside the kindergarten center is there a halloween display but there won't be inside the school. October 30th and 31st their fall festival will include learning activities involving things associated with the fall, just not halloween costumes. Principal told me she's not received any complaint from parents about the the change, but others in the community say, this is going too far. 
>> When my daughter grew up in the phoenixville school district they always dressed up, you know, and that was a good time. That was a fun time. 
>> I feel bad. My kids got the it and these other ones are not, so it is a shame. It really is. Bring it back. 
>> Reporter: Halloween has been dropped in other school districts because of religious connotation and attendance drops n phoenixville kids can still celebrate halloween but they just don't want it the in the elementary schools. In the social media center john anderson fox 29 news. 
>>> Obviously this story is generating a well lot of conversation and buzz what do you think about banning halloweens in schools. Come to our web site at my fox philly.Com and post your comments there. 

[00:18:14]


>>> Philadelphia police say they have arrested a man accused in several burglaries at a convent in south philadelphia. Here he is, 26 year-old william hagans. Investigators say he broke in the saint gabriel's convent on the 2900 block of dickinson stealing both cash and keys, and there is also some surveillance video that he is in, police say they are glad he he is off the streets. He is facing multiple charges. 
>>> Naacp joined the fight to save camden's police department. City plans to layoff all officers by even of the year to make way for a county wide poce force. While the naacp says it is using all resources to stop this. 
>> We think it is about absolute control of every aspect of the operation of the camden police by individuals who seek personal and machine try gain and destruction of their union. 
>> Naacp members say the new metro police plan is a union that must be for the. 
>>> We always try to get results for our members have our community and we're trying to get some results after some thieves steel a little boy's pet on his birthday. We told you this story yesterday about the little girl miss piggy, three month-old jack russell, snatched from her cage early sunday morning with the family's tv, their play station, just everything from zachary campbell's eighth birthday party. Such a heart breaking story. After our story aired, you know, our viewers are so generous. One of the viewers called and offer he and his family a pup friday their new litter and that family obviously said we'd love that. What a nice generous offer and gift. They tell us they have named this new eight week old poodle mix miss cuddles. Happy ending. 
>>> Enough problems in the world 467:89:50. What is secret recipe to those crunchy delicious hot amazing mcdonald's fries? They are putting it out for the world to see. We will explain after the break.3q fresh home with Resolve Deep Clean Powder. The moist powder removes three times more dirt than vacuuming alone while neutralizing odors for a clean you can see, smell and really enjoy. Don't just vacuum clean. Resolve clean. O 

[00:23:44]


>>> all right. Pressing issues we are discussing at six minutes before 5:00 a.M., One of the things we are talking about is those gels for your nails, you put them under uv light. Is that a problem? Should we be worried about that? We will talk to doctor susan taylor about that. How about mcdonald's, they have revealed their secret to the famous fries that we all love even if you are not a french fry person. They are so crunchy and when they are hot they are amazing. They take them from the powe tate the owe to the factory, starts??on the farm. They move out where they are washed, peeled, cut. They are all washed and coming down that conveyor belt. The fries, they are getting cut right the there in the cute cuts. The probably 45 to 50 seconds and then they are shipped off toy a restaurant near us refried in the vegetable oil. Help they say they get about 1 tablespoon of salt over four different servings of fries. Makes me in the mood for frenchfries this early in the morning so we are -- this is our good day group. Everybody ace sem manying together. We are the team that gets the show on the air what we will be cover, what should we be putting in the newscast and what he we think is important. We are having that big discussion. So bus which the headlines and what happens with the debate. Lets check with our own mike jerrick and see is what coming up on the show. 
>> Michael. 
>> Yes, hi. 
>> I'm just listening, your nail are beautiful. She various got her nail done. 
>> Some sort of gray thing. 
>> Whatever you think. 
>> I want a gray something. 
>> I would say prison gray. 
>> Battleship gray. 
>> Eastern penitentiary gra >>es. 
>> There is that big unveiling of one of the apple products today. 

[00:25:45]


>> Yes, it is the mini ipad, ipad mini. The just when you thought they had a right one they make it smaller. I guess that is to compete with the kindle. 
>> I'm still old school on that and I still read all my books on. That I'm interest todd see this new technology and see how much it cost. 
>> Just when you think you spent enough they come out with another one. We will come out with the price, is it worth it how does it differ from the kindle, stuff like that. 
>> So, the different credit cards and they offer all kind of points what ones are good deals. Your points are expiring, you get ones for airline, enter my number and all of the points disappear. The cards that really do pay off thaw can turn it. We'ring ago way on a trip and using point. All free at help tell and free for rental car. How do you do that. My husband is clever. We will have a real expert to tell you which are best choices and how to turn them into cash money. 
>> I have so many points. 
>> You have them in different places but not converting them into a gas card or a store you like to shop in. 
>> Yes. 
>> Or a trip. 
>> Then you are wasting real money. 
>> I need someone to go through all those points i have and help me. 
>> We will do that. 
>> I don't know if we can help you but we will try. 
>> We will be back and see you in two minutes. Biscuits. delicious. But say I press a few out flat... add some beef Sloppy Joe sauce... and cheese fold it all up and Boo I just made an unbeatable Unsloppy Joe Pillsbury Grands Biscuits. Let the making begin. ] call pastry that's been wrapped in a flaky crust stuffed with a gooey center toasted up all golden brown then given a delicious design? A toaster strudel. Pillsbury Toaster Strudel. So Delicious...So Fun. chooses Cascade, it sparks a movement. Look ! No ugly spots ! And see that shine ! You've got to try Finish. Because once they try Finish, they can't keep it to themselves. I'm switching for good. Wow ! Awesome ! RRFinish is seriously good. Cannot believe how great it works. VVIncredible shine. I won't use anything else. Love, love, love Finish ! So far over a million neighbors, friends, and family have switched to Finish. Join the Finish revolution. Recommended by more dishwasher brands worldwide. 

[00:29:52]


>>> In the news we're following breaking news this morning, the the search for 

﻿Title: Good Day at 5
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 1/23/2005
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Developments from clayton. Amber alert has been issued for a little girl in montgomeryounty, police say this little child was taken during a murder? We have stephaniees powe seat the owe live with the latest on this search. 
>>> You can hear cpping and cheers, president obama and his challenger mitt romney go head to head one last time discussing foreign policy and latest debate. We will break it all down comi up. We will get to our top stories in a mome but first you're worried about what you will wear and what our day will be like. 
>> A daily concern, karen, it is and basically whatever you got away with yesterday you should be fine for today. We have a 54-degree start. It is cool, but not quite as chilly as it was yesterday. So, you still want a sweater with 52 degreesment the here's the rest of the your day. We should be up to five four-by-eight in the morning and then well in the 60's by lunchtime and that is even with increasing clouds and that will be the thing that will make today different from yesterday. All of the extra clouds cannot rule out a stray shower but we probably won't see one, 73-degree high temperature. Thirty-seven for october 23rd. We will take it. That is your weather authority fox cast at a minute after 5:00, look who is back from the bohamas. 
>> I'm back and extra lobster. It is okay. It will turn to tan. Falls township bucks county be on the look out for this, tyburn road is closed between pennsylvania avenue and ford mill road. Just be on the look out for. That we are ing to chester county, or chester, delaware county, route 13, ninth street in that area closed between penn and sprawl until november. Your alternate there will be 291. Aside from that all of your majors look great and same for mass transit, karen. 
>> Thanks, casey, bow ham a momma. 5:02. We will begin with this brking news. Gloucester county investigators have confirmed that a body found last night in clayton may that be missing 12 year-old autumn pasquale, steve keeley is live with the very latest on this one, steve? 

[00:02:09]


>> Reporter: Yeah, last night at 10:00 o'clock and the neighbors here where her body was found just completely stunned and shocked where this search ended and how it end with the end result of autumn being found dead and not alive like everybody here hoped. The body found just two hours after a vigil began, so close to here. That is the strange thing. We are so close to thewn hall and where police are based and their headquarters on delsea drive and less than a mile from where autumn left her home saturday. Matt quigley a grandfather with grandchildren autumn pasquale's age cannot believe his road is closed off by police. You can see on this street here blue recycling bins put out for recycling pick up day to day. The autumn's body was found stuffed in one of them beyond this yellow tape. 
>> It is horrifying, horrible. I hope whoever did it, rots. I mean I have grandchildren right there, right there. It just too me I hope they get him and I hope he rats in hell. 
>> Reporter: When you heard that the gloucester county prosecutor said they were checking with all registered sex offenders did that send out an alarm like you had no idea you had registered sex offenders around here. 
>> Had no idea, none. I don't go on the computer that much to find out but usually thinks a very quiet neighborhood and it is just a shock, literally a shock. 
>> Reporter: Law enforcement did not say whether they had arrested anyone or focusing on a specific spot rig now but this street continues to be shutown, likely waiting for both search warrants for a specific home and daylight to help with the investigation and karen, we should get more answers at least from authorities today after the the planned autopsy which will tell us two things, how amber was killed and close to when her body found 58 hours after she left her home, saturday just past noonan her bike and that is another question, was her distinctivehite bmx bike foclose to where her body was found? We don't know that answer yet eater when you show thaws trash container, recycling container that is all the more who are filing. You always remember that home, you talk about what you know. Steve, thanks for all of the details you have given us this morning. 

[00:04:31]


>>> We have an amber alert still in effect in another case. There is a ten month-old girl from montgomery county. The fbi has joined this search for this child after her grandmother was found dead inside the familiar willly's home in upper merion. Stephanie esposito is live with the very latest, stephanie, good morning. 
>> Reporter: Good morning, karen. This is a double investigation a murder and possibly a kidnapping as well. A ten month-old baby missing from her family apartment yesterday. It happened around 8:00 in the morning between 8:00 and 1:00 when baby was last seen. Grandmother was found dead inside that apartment. Baby was seen at marquis apartments and dekalb pike in upper merion township. As I saidme between 8:00 and 1:00 p.M. It seems vague. It is. There is still lots of questions surrounding this baby's disappearance and her grandmother's murder. Police have been very tight-lipped. We're not ensure how grandmother was murdered but neighbors say the that the family lived in the apartment for about four months and that the grandmother was visiting from india. 
>> Able to turn a 61 year-old female saavni venna was and they also learn that she had been watching her ten month-old granddaughter saavni venna and now she's missing from the apartment. 
>> Reporter: You're looking at pictures of saavni convenien ten month-old, 21 pounds last seen wearing a white dress with pink flowers on it. Local police are working with the fbi. If you have seen this baby anywhere contact your local authorities, karen. 
>> All right, stephanie, 5:06. 
>>> Well, presidential politics, president barack obama and republican presidential challenger mitt romney debated the issues for their third and final time last evening. Main topics during the debate at lynn university down in boca a raton was foreign policy but the president, acknowledged that they need to pay more attention to the issues right here at home as well, and mr. Romney agreed. 

[00:06:38]


>> One of the challenges over last decade is we have done experiments in nation building in places like iraq and afghanistan a we have neglected for example developing our own economy, our own energy sectors and our own education system and it the is very hard to project leadership around the world when we're in the doing it around the world. 
>> Mantle of leader h ship for promoting principals of peace has fall ten to america. We didn't ask for it but it is an honor that we have it. But for to us promote those principals of peace requires us to be strong. That begins with the strong economy here at home and unfortunatel the the economy is not stronger. When the president of iraq, excuse me, of iran ahmadinejad says our debt makes us not a great country that is a frightening thing. Former chief of the joint chiefs of staff, said admiral mullen says our debt is biggest national security debt we face. Weakened our economy. We need a strong economy. 
>> Well, with two weeks left until the election candidates will start campaigning once again putting the focus there, president obama will be campaigning in florida and ohio today, while mr. Romney is going to bring his message to voters in nevada and colorado. 
>>> It is 5:08. Yesterday's beautiful fall weather, perfect day for a ground breaking on a new walking trail. So many making our city such a better place. This is with the lawmakers on you the there with the shovels in hand. Thinks a one and a half mile port richmond trail which will include a nice long path with hundreds of trees, shrubs and flowers. 
>> Beautiful. I captain wait for it to come to fruition, sue serio. Beautiful just to walk around anyplace. 
>> It is true, we have been blessed this season with some decent autumn weather for a lot of the time and we have not seen much rain if any at all. We don't see any right now, on ultimate doppler radar. Look out to the west though, this is the the system that we're watching as part of the warm front that will warm us up but we have to watch out for extra cloudstill bring. The bulk of the system will head up towards our northwest and continue going and in the really make it through, but we can expect, the at the very least some extra clouds by the end of the day. Before we proceed with our forecast let's talk about the tropics because we have a new tropical storm and that tropical storm's name is sandy, winds of 45 miles an hour. Here it is, it is 345 miles away from the island of jamaica, hurricane watches are up in gentleman make a we are looking at tropical depression number 15, that could get the next name on the list. We will talk about that later, but lets focus right now on sandy because of the direction it is expected to take. It is expected to eventually strengthen into probably a strong tropical storm with 65 miles an hour winds and head over to cuba a bohamas and then you see it running parallel to the east coast of the united states but a pretty big cone of uncertainty so that is why we are keeping an eye on this especially as we get closer to the weekend to see if this will impact our weather at all. It the is not summer when we see people swimming in the ocean as far as rip tides and rip currents but it could give us higher winds especially along the coast by the weekend. We will talk about that as the week goes by and keep a eye on sandy each and every day. Fifty-one in philadelphia. Forty-eight in wilmington. Forty-nine in lancaster. Fifty-two in dover. Forty-two in mount pocono. We have 50 in cape may. Slightly milder then it was yesterday. Here's your seven day, still plenty of seven's in the forecast until we get to the end of the weekend. Because we're expecting increasing clouds, maybe a stray shower as we told you but more likely just a lot of cloud cover. Seven third today. Seventy-four tomorrow. Seventy's for thursday and friday. Dry and mild on saturday, and then on sunday is when we bring in a chance of rain and that is sunday and possibly monday of next week. We have eagles/falcons at the link, might have to bring the the rain puncho. The that is your seven day forecast. Let's check wi kacie, how sit looking. 

[00:10:52]


>> More ongoing road work causing trouble until 6:00 a.M. North and southbound burlington mount holly ramp from 295 are both closed until 6:00 a.M. Rancocas ramp will work just fine until those are reopened an her from now. Lets get out to the roads at 309 at the turnpike right now, not that many people out there on the roads. You don't to have share if you are heading out and here is i-95 at cottman avenue things looking good and whole stretch of i-95 in the area, back to you. 
>>> Still ahead here on good day a delaware county principal under federal investigation? Parents want answers. 
>>> Plus also there is a local school district in our area and they say we dent want to do halloween. They are banning it. That story and m 

[00:14:44]


>>> welcome back, 5:15 on your tuesday morning as we look outside our olde city studios. How about h this one, imagine if this happened, a driver and his pregnant wife just driving down the the highway, tire comes flying at them on the schuylkill expressway and then that tire vaults up in the sky. Look the at their car. Investigators think... Well, that is video of the guy that I guess it happened to. It is wrong video. As I anticipated, was definite thely wrong video. Tire broke off tractor trailer and nailed the car off the hood and windshield, shot in the sky, smashed a hole in the roof of the philadelphia housing authority training center in south philadelphia. How it happened is still a mystery. Investigators are still looking for the truck that lost that tire. 
>>> Philadelphia police say they have arrested a man in the surveillance video. The is there a couple men in that surveillance video, one of them is accused of stealing from the saint gabriel's convent on t 2900 block of dickinson stre in south philadelphia. 
>>> Twenty-six year-old william hagans, investigators say he he breaks in the convent, steals both cash and keys, and comes back and does it again. Police say they are just glad he is off of the streets. 
>> He is no stranger to law enforcement, he has a couple of priors and, you know, I'm sure that the community is relieved that he is in custody 
>> hagans now faces several charges. What he did with the money? He bought himself an ipad. 5:16. A principal at a delaware county school is now focus of a federal investigation, parents are upset, they are demanding answers and they say they didn't get the information that they thought they should have about this. We've got bruce gordon out on this one. 
>> Reporter: From a distance it looks likejust another day at springton lake middle school but looks can be deceiving. The principal here doctor troy, was placed on administrative leave last thursday after district official where is contacted by u.S. Attorneys office and postal service inspector about an ongoing investigation involving him. Parents were notified of the probe and of the decision to place the the principal on leave through a phone message. 

[00:17:02]


>> As a result of this investigation, he has been placed on leave from his duties aspirin of spring ton lake middle school. Today this is all of the information that has been provided for us. 
>> Reporter: Four days later those parents are still in the dark. 
>> We really don't know anything. They have not told us anything. The there is rumors flying around but that is it. 
>> Reporter: Does it concern you they have not told you anything or you figure thinks a criminal matter and they sort it out the the way they sort it out. 
>> There is a process involved and therefore if there is anyway to do it to be germane this is the way to do it and appreciate that. 
>> Reporter: I pa visit to the doctor's exton home, no one answered. No response to a message left for his west chester based attorney who has already said that he has neither committed any crime, nora boosted the trust of his community. That was bruce gordon reporting have the district attorney says they have received no further information from federal authorities and now the principal remains on administrative leave. He said when they get to work they will immediately let parents know. 5:18. School district in chester county which has decided not to celebrate halloween this year and they evenold parents about the change back in the summer in august in a news letter before school started. But, some people are going to be upset, putting on costumes that is ale a tradition. Phoenixville school board has decided they will replace the traditional halloween decorations and events with the a fall festival. Superintendent tells us that the principal of the elementary schools just decided to make this a unified celebration of fall which means no halloween costumes or parades. 
>> When my daughter grew up in the phoenixville school district they always trusted up, you know, and that was a good time. That was a gun time. 
>> I feel bad, my kids got it and these other ones are not, so it is a shame, it the is, bring it back. 

[00:19:02]


>> So far district has not received any official complaints from parents. Halloween has been dropped and other school district because of religious connotations and attendance drops. 
>>> So obviously this story is generating buzz, people have strong opinions about this one, what do you think of banning of halloween in our schools, come to my fox philly.Com and click on the facebook icon and post your comments there and let us know. 
>>> We have a happy ending on this story of sorts, we helped to get results after thieves stole that little dog that little pet on a boy's birth the take. We told but this story yesterday. That was miss piggy the six month-old jack russell puppy snatched from her cage sunday with all of the presents and family's tv and play station, everything for that little boy zachary campbell's eighth birthday party. Well, after our story aired, within of our viewers, just so generous, contacted the family and offered the family a new puppy from the litter and the family so happily accepted and said they have named the eight week old puppy which is a poodle mix miss cuddles. 
>> How about that sue, isn't that nice. Bad gays that do the things thaw want to pull your hair out and then those nice folks that step up and do the right thing. 
>> It restores your faith in humanity, that is for sure after a nasty story. Let restore your faith in mild temperatures as we head into another take where we are preticking temperatures in the 70's. We didn't quite make it to 70 yesterday, some places did, 54 degrees as you walk out the door. Mix of sun and clouds but we will see clouds on the up crease, by the end of the day. That stray shower most likely north ape west of the city up towards lehigh valley and poconos. Cannot rule out a sprinkle or two. You will see clouds but love temperature of 73 degrees. The that is your planner from tuesday the from the weather authority. 5:21. Kacie, what is going on. 

[00:21:03]


>> We will take a quick peak. We have no delays on 422 east or westbound. 202 is looking good, turnpike and same goes for rest of the area majors. Lets get to construction. You can expect to see some lanes block thanks to the ongoing construction on skippack between hudna an luconn until 2015. You'll get by but just slow for a while. That is not going anywhere anytime soon. Now we're going to girard avenue, bridge in fishtown is close between 95 and aramingo. They will be underway until next year. Detours are posted in the area, back to you, karen. 
>>> Coming up apple fans ready, ipad mini will be revealed today. We will have that story in money talk. 
>>> Also what is it being parity of the so-caed in crowd mean for your future? Well, according to the new study being one of the cool kids could pay off later in life we will have that story when good day comes me. Prove it. Enough is enough. d-CON No View, No Touch Trap snaps to kill instantly. No looking, no touching. D-con. Get Out. 

[00:24:48]


>>> Aig will dish out big bucks to settle a life insurance probe, more than hundred million-dollar will go to 39 states and district of columbia to settle a dispute over life insurance payment that go unclaimed. Aig agreed to pay 11 million-dollar to insure regulators, and a number of other companies have pledged to change the way that they handle life insurance claims. 
>>> All right. It is a big day for apple, companies expected to introduce a smaller ipad, tech bloggers and analyst think it will be about half the size of the regular ipad which is 7.85 inches, on the diagnal, but what will it cost? Experts say anywhere from 250 bucks to $300. Presentation will take place at the big theater in san jose, california and we will have our tech expert on, ahead of that to to see what he thinks about this big announcement. 
>>> So, thanks to on line shopping federal express says it expects to ship a record number of package season. Company anticipates more than 280 million shipments from thanksgiving to christmas which is a 13 percent from last year. That is a big jump. 
>>> Just like 2011, federal express is hiring 20,000 seasonal workers to handle the holiday rush. 
>>> Now as it turns out very few of us actually read a printed copy of a book any more but is there a divide in the way people e read. A new survey found that readers under 30 prefer to use their cell phone or computers for ebooks. Those over 30 like devices like a kindle or sony's e reader or ones thaw can hold. Survey was conducted by pew research center. 
>>> Speaking of research, some new research suggest that children at the the pool table they may have a leg up. Study done by national bureau of economic research which find those people who are among the top 20 percent in popularity actual do I make more money later in life. Researchers say it is because those children are figuring out what they need to do in order to succeed. 5:27. Still ahead president obama and mitt romney making their final appeal to voters during the the last debate in florida, what happened in round number three when good day comes back. 

[00:29:41]


>>> We have some breaking news, police believe they have town the body to adorable little girl who was just 12 years old autumn pasquale, we are live in gloucester county with latest from the police. 
>>> Is there another search for a missing baby in montgomery county. 

﻿Title: Good Day at 5:30
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/28/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Grdmother was murdered. We have a live report on this one as well. 
>>> Lets look live outside our olde city studios this morning because we had a wonderful day yesterday and pretty good day too, right, sue. 
>> Especially in the beginning of the day. We will see plenty of sunshine just like yesterday, we are still in the pattern of milder then normal temperatures. That is pattern that will stay with us throughout the the end of the workweek. Thing is we do expect to see some virginia clouds by the end of the day. Let's check with bus stop buddy, your friend and mine, waiting for the the bus with his sweat shirt on. He has temps in the 40's in the suburbs. In the 50's in the city. We are off to a cool start and sunrise is not until 20 minutes after 7:00 in the morning. An the sunsets pretty early in the evening as well. 54 degrees by 8:00 o'clock. Still plenty of sunshine. We will see mix of sun and clouds by lunch. 68 degrees. Increasing clouds. Seventy-three our high temperature. Cannot rule out a stray shower but most of us won't get one. That is your fox cast from the weather authority. Time is 5:31. Let's welcome back kacie mcdonnell, hi. 
>> Good to be back, thank you. We will head out to ongoing construction. Speak he can to see lane blockages on route 291 between sellers avenue and 420 in both directions and it is going to be there for another year. Your alternate will be route 13. Now lets head out to the roads, here's 202 at 76 in king of prussia things are looking good there. Everything is moving along. Everyone that is on the road and aside there that your majors looking good and same goes for mass transit, karen. 
>>> Well, we are continuing to follow this backing news this morning, police say body that was found last night in clayton, new jersey could likely be the remains of that missing 12 year-old autumn pasquale. Lets get right to steve keeley with the very latest on hand we know good morning, steve. 
>> Reporter: We know autumn will not make it to her 13th birthday which would be this monday, instead her family now will likely be holding a funeral close to either, on that day or nearby it, her bodynd last night at 10:00 o'clock here on this busy street, name after the town clayton avenue, found dumped in a recycling bin and found during a search of those bins around 10:00 o'clock here. This is a real close busy street to the center of town. Right near the heart of the town right around the corner from the police department. Right near where a vigil was held and had just ended last night that started at 8:00 o'clock. It is just completely stunned everybody we're meeting this morning just now seven hours after her body was found search was focused on a 8-mile bike trail and woods surrounding this huge lake in the public park with hundreds of law enforcement. It turns out though that autumn pasquale's body was found stuffed in the blue least cycling bin among many left out on the street for pick up to day and street where perfect body was found right around the corner from the clayton police headquarters and right off the main road only a quarter mile from delsea drive. Less than a mile from where autumn lived, and where she left saturday just past noon time on her bike. The distinctive white bike and authorities have not said whether it was found too near her body. 

[00:03:18]


>> Just horrifying, you know what I mean? How far do you let your kids go. If it happens over here and we live here how far can you let your kids ride a bike? 
>> Reporter: Well, authorities right now are not saying whether or not they are pinpointing a specific house, or a home owner now. A neighbor nearby tells us there are a couple of abandon homes in this large area that police still have closed off, on this main road. Now, a search warrant, and sunlight will both help investigators later, so will the autopsy set this morning to probably give the the way autumn was killed and close to when, found at ten last night, so karen, that puts it 58 hours after she left her home saturday at 12:30 on her bicycle and distinctive bike and we don't know whether that was found nearby as well. We know they were focused further way in that area in that big public park and it turns out it was just so close to where everybody was meet to go begin the search yesterday and so close to the police department that we could walk there from here and probably a minute and a half. 
>> You know, just so many things go through your mine from covering these cases, steve, I'm sure we will learn more. It is 5:34. Police in montgomery county of have called in the fbi to help search for a missing ten month-old baby girl, child's grandmother was fund dead inside the family's apartment this happened in upper merion, we have stephanie esposito live with the very latest on this one, stephanie? 
>> Reporter: Karen, there are still so much questions, surrounding the issuing ises, of this little girls disappearance but we do know that her grandmother was found dead inside the family apartment, and that now the the baby is no where to be found. Her name is saavni venna, ten month-old and she wen missing between 8:00 a.M. And 1:00 p.M. Yesterday. Now at the t.V. Large time frame. A lot of things are very vague. We do know that neighbors tell us that the family lived in the marquis apartment complex, for about four months. Neighbors also tell us that the apartment complex does have a series of security issues or has had them in the past. The couple spent many years trying to conceive a child, that was common knowledge to their trends and close neighbors. The the murdered grandmother was visiting from india. Now the baby's father stood with police. He pleaded for his daughter to come back. 

[00:05:40]


>> If someone find my baby could you please bring my baby back. Do not do any harm to the baby. Please help, thank you. 
>> Reporter: Let me tell you about the the little girl, her name saavni venna, ten month-old, 21 pounds, dark hair and eyes. She's indian dissent. She was last seen wearing a white dress with pink flowers on it. Now upper merion township police department is working with the fbi. If you have seen this child or you have any information to bring her safely home contact the authorities. 
>> Have they mentioned the mother at all in this case? 
>> Reporter: You know, to they have not said a word about her. So, I didn't want to speculate or say anything, we left it out because they have in the said anything about it. 
>> I was just curious, thank you, stephanie. 
>>> Other headlines, presidential politics, huge debate, president barack obama and republican presidential challenger mitt romney facing off for third, final time on the same stage last evening. Debate took place at lynn university in boca raton, florida. Two men focused on foreign policy in this debate. 
>> Well, my strategy is straightforward which is to go after the bad guys, to make sure we do our very best to interrupt them, to kill them, to take them out of the picture but my strategy is broader than that, that is important, of course, but the key that we're going to have to pursue is a pathway to get the muslim world to be able to reject extremism on its own. 
>> You said first we should not have a time line in afghanistan, then you said we should. Now you say ybe. Or it depends. Which means in the only were you wrong but you were also confusing sending mixed messages to our troops and our allies. So what we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong steady leadership, in the wrong and reckless lead are ship that is all over the map andunfortunately that is the the kind of opinions that you have offered throughout this campaign, and it is not a recipe for american strength or keeping america safe over the the world. 

[00:07:50]


>> They did agree on some issues, each stressing support for israel when asked about a u.S. Response to the jewish state were attacked by iran. 
>>> Some health headlines when we come back, a popular energy drink now at the center of the f.D.A. Investigation, why officials say those strengths are linked to five deaths. 
>>> Also did you check this out a brawl at a high school soccer game, in minute so the, we will explain why these players may not be playing in the state championship, in fact, they could be facing criminal charges. The look at. That we will show you more ] flavor. Experts in aroma. They're the world championship cheese jues. 
[ air horn blowing ] And while they might seem kind of odd to you -- like this guy -- we just love them. And at the 2012 championship, they awarded cracker barrel gold for cheddar for its rich, full flavor. Thanks cheese geniuses. Cracker barrel. It's cheddar, perfected. ] donuts! Who are these guys? Oh, that's just my Buds. Bacon, donuts. 
-My Taste Buds. -[ Taste Buds ] Waffles. How about we try this new kind of Fiber One Cereal? You think you're going to slip some fiber by us? Rookie. Okay. ?????? Nutty clusters and almonds, ?????? ?????? almonds. ?????? ?????? Fiber One is gonna make you smile. ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] Introducing new Fiber One Nutty Clusters and Almonds. With 43% daily value of fiber for you. Crunchy nutty clusters and real almond slices for your taste buds. 

[00:10:52]


>>> Would you look at that, wow, snow in california and a lot of it. Forecasters are calling for up to 2 feet in the sierra mountains. Highway officials are requiring anyone driving on the higher elevations of interstate 80 from san tran to reno nevada to use chains on their tires. 
>>> I am not ready for anything of that type. 
>> Are you thrilled even more now that we have temperatures in the 70's today. 
>> Wow. 
>> No chance of that happening, around here. Okay. I think we have seen enough. Let's talk tropical. Even though what is happening in the tropic is not necessarily good, in fact, hurricane watches are up and warnings, as well, around jamaica. That is the the closest spot to tropical storm sandy. Now it is not a massive storm or a hurricane, it may never become a hurricane, but it is a 45-mile april hour winds with a storm as you can see tons and tons of rain and cloud tops are colored dark on that infrared satellite picture. Tropical depreion is number 15 in the atlantic. Thinks where our focus is on sandy and we're looking at our projection of the path of this storm, sends it north/north eastward through cuba and bohamas and pretty close to the united states. That is why we will have to watch it as we get closer to the weekend to see fit ends up having an effect on our weather. Especially ally along the delaware beach and rip currents and rough surf as a result of sandy. Hopefully that is all we will get and t a direct hitment some he we will keep an eye on. That 51 in philadelphia. Forty-eight in wilmington. 52 degrees down in dover delaware but only 42 degrees up in mount poconoment still, these temperatures are a bit milder, just a bit, then they were yesterday, so today the stray shower we have been talking about most likely to the north of us, up towards lehigh valley, becoming cloudy though for everybody by the end of the day but the temperature milder then yesterday, we got to 69 degrees yesterday. Today we spending 73 degrees. Stationary front hanging around just with clouds with the possibility of the shower in the morning and maybe north of us but I don't think we will see any rain today. The bus stop buddy did not have his umbrella 74 degrees our high temperature tomorrow. So this mild streak will continue through thursday, and friday, they look like exceent weather days with plenty of sunshine, 70's both days. I think we have a nine here for thursday on a scale of one to tenment saturday we will keep that weather going for one more day and then we will get a cold front moving in and a chance of some rain on sunday. 64 degrees by then. We will stay in the mid 60's with another chance of rain on monday. Is there your seven day forecast from the weather authority and enjoy all of these temperatures in the 70's this week. Lets see fit is an enjoyable right to work, is it ever. 

[00:13:46]


>> It is right now, sue, you can enjoy weather and the the roads. We will look at route 100 near ute 30. The those headlights right there are heading for route 30 bypass right now. No delays on that whole stretch right there. New lets h head down to the vine, speeds around 5 directions, east and westbound no delays there either. We will also show you no delays anywhere else either. Things are looking good right now, back to you, karen. 
>>> Lets take a look at our entertainment news when we come right back, actress model liberty ross, yes, that other would hand finally speakingabout that kristin stewart cheating with her husband, what she finally had to say. 
>>> Also, the detroit tigers in the world series, did you watch the game? Did you watch the debates. We will show you what happened in the game coming up next in sports. Now this is a party. Mmm. I don't know, I think I might bail. Yeah, it's pretty dead. 
[ Male Announcer ] ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH. New kfc dip'ems. Freshly prepared tenders dipped in irresistible sauces. Try a 3 piece combo for just $5. me. Prove it. Enough is enough. d-CON baits are specially formulated to kill in one feeding. Guaranteed. D-con. Get out. ] digest. It's real milk full of calcium and vitamin d. And tastes simply delicious. For those of us with lactose intolerance... Tt lactaid???? milk. TT E ORIGINAL rr 100% LACTOSE-FREE MILK. tylenol. twins. 

[00:16:59]


Tylenol: We are? 
Nyquil (stuffy): Yeah, we both relieve coughs, sneezing, aches, fevers. 
Tylenol: And I relieve nasal congestion. 
Nyquil (stuffy): Overachiever. 
Anncr vo: Tylenol cold multi-symptom nighttime relieves nasal congestion... Nyquil cold & flu doesn't. Giants have done it again they are heading to the world series. They beat the st. Louis cardinals nine to seer he last night to win the championship. That final out, bam, big celebration. It was raining cats and dogs. For second time in three seasons giants are headed to the world series. They will be taking the on the detroit tigers starting wednesday. Right here on fox. 
>>> A high school soccer game in minute so the and he in an all out brawl, these team competing for trip to the state championship when the players throw punches just seconds before the game end, winning team starts a fight that turns into an all out brawl. Here's the video. You can see is there a player push a member of the opposing team, slams him writ there then players from bet sides, everybody gets involved. Coach tries to break it up and says he end up getting punch in the head. One of the team captains does not understand how this happens. 
>> Within of their kids swung at our players and it escalated from there a lot farther then it should have gone. 
>> To have a final end like that really for no apparent reason. 
>> No reason. 
>> Police are reviewing video of the game. They may brin assault charges of those involved. All right, well, leave to it police on that one. 
>>> F.D.A. Is looking into reports of five deaths and a heart attack linked to a popular energy drink. Agency acknowledge that the reports begins monster energy drinks but they do not prove that the highly caffeinated drink caused the death but there are parents of the 14 year-old girl who have have have filed a wrongful death suit because their daughter died there a heart arrhythmia after drinking large cans of the monster energy. Monster says it does not believe it products cause any of those deaths. 

[00:19:17]


>>> All right. It is 5:49. The let us get over to sue because we just like good weather. 
>> Coming off that magnificent monday we had, yesterday, we're going to start off pretty nice. We've got temperatures in the 50's in the city, some 40's in the suburbs, clear and on the cool side, mix of sun and clouds at lunchtime. We will see an increase in clouds but that is okay because we will get to a high of 73 degrees which is marvelous, for the 23rd of october. 5:49. Checking with casey what is going on. 
>> We have our first accident of the day had came in the traffic department. Drexel hill delaware valley, be on the look out at garrett road. Now we're going to look at some. Ment. I'm not saying construction we are looking at water main breaks going on, walnut the street still closed between second and fourth, chestnut or market will get you around. That south third between locust and market, alternate there is fourth street. You can also use fifth treat to get around that, karen. 
>>> Taking a look at entertainment headlines this morning we are hearing for first time liberty ross speaking out about her husband's affair with kristin stewart. She's 34 years old and said sometimes when things seem really bad you have to see the the good, learn from it and move forward as graciously as possible. It was h her husband rupert saunders photographed embracing his snow white and huntman star back in july and it seems like stewart and pattinson have patched things up and are back together. Ross and saunders are attending marriage counseling together. 
>>> Sources say kim card dash an and kanya west are not engaged. The friends of the couple says the rapper did not pop the question while vacationing in italy for kim's birthday. Rumors started because ryan seacrest was dropping hints on his radio show saying we should see an update to this story but t other big fly in the ointment for them she's still married for chris humphreys, that divorce has in the gone through and they are still working on one. 

[00:21:22]


>>> We all want to know how stars get perfect skin, they just glow but this one is really weird. This is one of the real housewives of beverly hills, tweeting a picture of herself, kyle richards, tweeting this picture of herself getting an electric facial. It is a 70 minute treatment that use will be treatment to deliver water soluble solution to the skin. Now it looks like something like out of a horror movie or something but they say, you know, I don't know what to say about that one. That is a weird one. Take a look at the this, really wonderful story, just a veteran who is capturing the hearts of thousands of people on the internet, we will tell you what he was doing have have have have you heard this story when good day comes right back.. 5:55. We would like to say good morning to the firstebook day of this day and this hour and it is laurie, thanks for liking us on your facebook page. If you want to be a fan come to our good day fan page, after clicking on the icon and my fox philly.Com and like us. 

[00:25:08]


>>> How about this, divers, taking the edge off highly charged presidential election by a pumpkin carve event under water. It is under water pumpkin car syringe, it is a contest, florida keys event draws more than 40 divers to show off their creativity by carving pumpkins, pretty good job there. One pumpkin reads, this is snoopy, is that what it says, right there. Vote. 
>> We have both mitt romney and obama um kins but we don't want to declare any winners here today, we will leave that to the don't and to the election. 
>> Just two weeks were election day. 
>>> How about speaking of voting, probably te last vote of this man's life. He is a world war two veteran photograph voting from his bedside. He is 93 years old. His name is frank. He has cast likely his last vote. He is in the hospital. Getting some help from his daughter, barbara doing an absentee ballot. His grandson posted this on thursday and within a day it is one of the most popular items on social media doctors have have diagnosed him with a tumor in his liver, two months ago. Pretty inspiring. 
>>> Presidential election causing tensions, all over, and what company we do? We tear down other peoples signs when we don't like their message. Mike and sheneille will have more on this when good day comes right back. Sue will have your weather, kacie traffic. name?" flo." "And what do you do?" "Oh, I sell insurance like no one else." "Oh, that's nice." "Thank you." Now, that's progressive. Call or click today. ] donuts! Who are these guys? Oh, that's just my Buds. Bacon, donuts. 

[00:27:25]


-My Taste Buds. -[ Taste Buds ] Waffles. How about we try this new kind of Fiber One Cereal? You think you're going to slip some fiber by us? Rookie. Okay. ?????? Nutty clusters and almonds, ?????? ?????? almonds. ?????? ?????? Fiber One is gonna make you smile. ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] Introducing new Fiber One Nutty Clusters and Almonds. With 43% daily value of fiber for you. Crunchy nutty clusters and real almond slices for your taste buds. Horrible news, police believe they have found the bod irv that missing, 12 year-old girl, autumn. Steve keeley, has the latest. 
>>> Now, the search is on for a missing baby, in montgomery county, police say that she was taken after her grandmother was killed, stephanie is on that story. 

[00:29:35]


>>> Round three, in the books, we have the highlights from the final debate between president barack obama and mitt romney, last night but first we've got to get back to talking about this fantastic weather and kacie is back. 
>> Welcome back. 
>> Fantastic vacation. 
>> Bohamas. 
>> I will turn tan soon I'm a 

﻿Title: Good Day at 6
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 8/30/1999
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Cadena cbs obama gano con on you doed one down there, sanded headed down there for about a week. 
>> Perfect, perfect. 
>> Zapped i. 
>> We have another day that will be much milder then normal. 
>> Love it. 
>> I hope you did enjoy your dance from the beginning there, I want to he see it again. 
>> On a scale of one to ten we are going up to seven. Even though we will have mild temperatures we will have increasing clouds by the end of the day. Still looking good and it is still feeling g buddy has his sweat shirt on nice and warm for waiting in the buses specially in the suburbs where temperatures are in the 40'sment we have 50's in the city. We have sunrise happening at 20 minutes after 7:00, this morning. We will get to a high of 73 degrees. How about that. Morning sunshine but then afternoon clouds, maybe a stray shower, not likely for everybody. Tonight we have a low of 58 degrees. That is your weather authority fox cast at a minute after 6:00, so kacie, how is traffic looking on this tuesday. 
>> I've got two accidents this time, sue, top of the hour is to be expected. Montgomery county bethlehem pike at mclockland road, there we go, mcdonnell, mclaughlin road. Next we will go to drexel hill, versace machines road at garrett road there is an accident to work out for their. A quick look at your majors, everything looking good there and same goes for mass transit, back to you guys. 
>> Let's keep that it way, kacie. 
>>> We are following tragic, breaking news this morning. Police say a body found in clayton, new jersey could be missing 12 year-old autumn. 
>> She was last seen leaving her house, on saturday but steve is back on the story. What happened. 
>> Reporter: We are not far from where we were yesterday at police headquarters. We are on this very busy street name after this town clayton avenue right around the corner from the cops here search ended at ten less than a mile from autumn pasquale's home, two and a half days exactly, 58 hours after she left her home last saturday just past noon time. Little girls body found in one of these blue recycling bins now out for scheduled pick today, right here, so close to where everybody just gathered last night for a vick ill to pray for her safe return but while that vigil is going on and ended, walkable from where ended, this is where a search team member found her body. This closed off and roped off as you can see with lots of yellow crime scene tape. 

[00:02:38]


>> Usually this this is a very quiet neighborhood and it is just a shock. 
>> Reporter: Search at first was focused on a 8-mile bike trail in the woods surrounding this huge lake in the public park with hundreds of law enforcement. It turns out that autumn pasquale's body was found stuffed in the blue recycling bi among many left out on the streets for pick up today and the streets where her body was found right around the corner from the clayton police headquarters and right off the main road only a quarter mail there delsea drive. Less than a mile from where autumn lived, and where she left saturday just past noon time on her bicycle. The distinctive white bike, authorities have not said whether it was found too near her body. 
>> Just horrifying, you know what I mean? It is like how far do you let your kids go. If it happened over here and we live here, you know what i mean, how far can you let your kids ride the the bike. 
>> Reporter: Now neighbors are even more horrified by the end of it. Where it ended and where she was found. 
>> Absolutely horrible. I hope whoever did it rots. I have grandchildren right there right there. To me, I hope they get him abe he rats in hell. 
>> Reporter: Him or her or whoever but we are not sure whether authorities are focused on a specific house. We are watching police walking around several houses, both in uniform and detectives out here and so if they are focused on any house on this street or any specific person living on this street they just have not anunced it yet. No announcement of any arrest or even an accusation or what led anyone to even search the containers here, so close to where all of the search teams were just gathering, to organize yesterday. So, we should get more answers later today sheneille and mike when theutopsy is done that will at least tell us how she was killed and maybe when she was kill. 
>> So how far away from the the dumpster from her house. 
>> Reporter: Would I say probably half mile. Greg, ask to get off tripod for a second. It is dark out. You can see how close we are to the police department. If were you to make out traffic lights on delsea drive and see red traffic lights and I'm telling you I could walk to where we were yesterday and probably walk to autumn's house in less than five minutes from here. Some of her neighbors are showing up and have no idea were they are her why are you here instead of the at the police department and we are having to give them horrible news. They just can't believe she was found so close to where she was left in the first place. 

[00:05:11]


>> So scary for all parents. 
>> Just riding her bike. 
>> More to come, thanks, steve. 
>>> From one tough story to another this morning bye extremely important we want to let you know an amber alert is in effect for a ten month-old girl in montgomery county. 
>> Ten months. The fbi has joined the search for the girl after her grandmother was found dead inside the family's upper merion apartment. Stephanie is on this story, stephanie. 
>> Reporter: Good morning, guys. Another sad one. A murder, missing baby and a lot of unanswered questions, here's what we do know right now though a woman was baby-sitting her grandchild inside an apartment, she was found dead and the baby was in where to be found neighbors say that this family lived at marquis apartments on dekalb pike in king of prussia for four months. Couple tried for years to conceive. Yesterday the baby's grandmother visiting from india was murdered inside the the family apartment. Police have not saidw. The the baby is now missing. 
>> We were able to determine a 61 year-old female was deceased. They also learned that she had been watching h her ten month-old granddaughter, saavni venna and savvies now missing from the apartment. 
>> Friends and the child's father pleaded with the kidnap tore bring the the ten mold on old saavni venna home. 
>> Please do not do any harm to the kid. 
>> Please inform the police. 
>> If somebody finds my baby could you please bring mize baby back, don't do any harm to the baby, please, please help me in this murder. Thank you. 
>>> Amber alert is still in effect, for ten month-old saavni venna, she's 21-pound, she has dark hair and eyes and she is of inn yan asian dissent. If you know where this baby is, she has been missing since yesterday between 8:00 a.M. And 1:00p in m. Very vague time frame but police are tight-lipped on this one. If you know anything about this baby please contact your local authorities. 

[00:07:17]


>> For sure. 
>> Back to you guys. 
>> Thanks, stephanie. Well, president barackbama and republican presidential challenger mitt romney debated the issues for a third tim last night. Main topic of the debate at lynn university in florida was foreign policy but the candidates also discussed issues here at home including, of course, the economy and education. 
>> We cannot expect entrepreneurs, and businesses large and small to take their life savings or their company's money and invest in america if they think we are headed to the road to greece. That is where we are going unless we get off the spending and borrowing binge. I will get us on track to a balanced budget. 
>> When we don't ask either u or me to pay a dime more in terms of reducing a deficit but we slash support for education that is under mining our long term competitiveness. That is not good for america's position in the world. The world noticees this. 
>> Election is two weeks from today, the the candidates will now put their focus back into the campaign trail. President obama will campaign in florida and ohio. White mitt romney brings his message to voters in neff and colorado. 
>>> A delaware county principal under investigation now parents want some answers coming up, the latest on what is going on in now this is a party. Mmm. I don't know, I think I might bail. Yeah, it's pretty dead. 

[00:10:23]


[ Male Announcer ] ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH. New kfc dip'ems. Freshly prepared tenders dipped in irresistible sauces. A 3 piece combo for just $5. 
>>> It the looks autumnal in the dark in in olde city and it will be dark for a while. Sun rise is not official until 20 after 7:00 but it is a cool start but in the bad at all. Temperature wise we have a fabulous day ahead with the high of 73 degrees. Just decreasing clouds. If you are north of us say up towards lehigh valley you could see a stray shower today but no big deal. It looks like another comfortable day. How long is this 70's show going to last? We will let you know in the seven day coming up. 
>> I like that 70's show. Mila kuhn is. 
>>> Parents in delaware county are demanding answers of a principal in the school there who is now focus of the federal investigation. Doctor troy, the the principal of springton middle school in media was ed on administrative leave last week, after the feds said they were invest faithing him for mail fraud. District said it notified parents but some parents say they are still in the dark. 
>> We really don't know, they have not told us anything, is there lot of rumors but that is about it. 
>>> All right. A follow-up now 12 minutes after 6:00 philadelphia police say they have arrested a man accused in several burglar is in a convent, in south philadelphia. Take a look at this picture. He is 26 year-old. The h his name is william hagans this is the man that broke in the saint gabriel's convent in the 2900 block of dickinson street. Cash was stolen from the convent. He was seen in this surveillance video. He now faces several charges. 

[00:12:45]


>>> How about this a local school district is saying no, to halloween, why officials at phoenixville schools voted to skip halloween this year in their elementary schools. >>> Plus, fox getting result for a family that had their dog stolen over weekend how a viewer of our show came thro. 

[00:16:05]


>>> We have some results here sheneille, after a couple thieves stole a little boy's pet on his birthday, we told but this yesterday, miss piggy a three-year old jack russell puppy was snatched from perfect case early sunday morning with a big tv, a play station and everything from zachary campbell's eighth birthday party, after our story aired, a fox viewer called to offer the the young man and his family a puppy from their new litter. Family happily accepted and they tell us that they have named the the eight week old poodle mix miss cuddles. 
>> How nice to be watching and say I can help this littleuy out. 
>> I would sure like to find the other dog. 
>> Miss piggy. 
>> Yes, doesn't look like a piggy. 
>>> You mentioned it, earlier, election day is just couple weeks away, in fact, two weeks from today so we a looking ahead with weather trends 360 our exclusive prediction of long range forecast and it looks like we might have some rain on election day, with a 59-degree high temperature. That is the the predictions, that is the the trend, for tuesday, november 6th and a lot cooler, then it is going to be today because we're still in the middle of temperatures that are rising in the 07's by the end of the afternoon. Fifty-one in philadelphia, 48 in wilmington, 52 down in dover. Depend where the the clouds are is where milder temperatures are. It is probably more cloud any reading where it is 50 and less cloud any millville where it is 43. That is how you are starting off, a sweater, jacket, again, becoming cloudy and on the mild side with 73 degrees. For most it is just clouds, a stray shower possible, to the north and tomorrow we have the possibility of a shower early in the morning otherwise we will start with clouds on wednesday and end up with sunshine and end up with a high temperature of 74 degrees. Not bad, and the 70's show continues really for rest of the workweek. We have two, 70's, today and tomorrow and a nine on a scale of one to ten on thursday. Friday looks fabulous as well with a high of 71. We will keep it going for saturday with again a high of 71 degrees. Sunday and machine we will see temperatures back down in the 60's, that is more seasonal but we also have some rain in the forecast, for the eagles game on sunday and for monday as well. Is there your seven day forecast from the the weather authority, lets check with kacie to see how traffic is for tuesday morning. >>Ew accidents, montgomery township, is there an accident there on bethlehem pike at mclaughlin road. Now we are getting out to drexel hill delaware county there is an accident there at vermont at garrett road and next we will head out to the roads here's the platt bridge at i-95, right now and a quick look the at i-95 a little bit slow southbound but not much more than a five minute delay, as we expect, this morning back to you guys. 6:19. 

[00:19:10]


>> Very good deal this morning for children's hospital of philadelphia they are receiving another major honor. 
>> Yes, another one. The the philadelphia public relations association gave chop its prestigious 2012 gold medal award. The association specifically mentioned chop's impact on millions of children and parents as a reason for awarding the medal to them. 
>> Congratulations, to them. If you are watching, kudos to you. 
>>> Beautiful fall weather made it a perfect day to break ground on the new walking trail. Area lawmakers broke ground on the one and a half mile port richmond trail that will include a wide trail on delaware avenue with hundreds of trees, shrubs abe flowers. You can see pictures stralling alongere. It will be nice. 
>>> Yes, indeed. 
>> One local school district has decided to skip halloween, why officialness phoenixville are taking a pass thisyear on that spooky celebration, beep-bop-boop-bop boop-beep. 
[Monotone] She says, "Switch to Progressive and you could save hundreds." Call or click today. ??q??xd??t from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. 

[00:22:45]


>>> You see fire trucks, over at wip radio rhea pulled the fire alarm again two days in a row. 
>> About this this time yesterday, we were talking and I saw it behind your head. 
>> Yes. 
>> Somebody stop that. 
>> Well, it is that time of the year again when kids get excited to pick out their halloween costumes and get trick or treating but one school district in particular has had enough. They have decided to stop celebrating halloween in school. 
>> Yes, john anderson went to phoenixville to find out why. 
>> Reporter: Tyler is enjoying fall traditions on the visit to his grandmother's house jumping in leaves and getting ready for halloween. 
>> I like to get candy. 
>> Reporter: If tyler went to school in the phoenixville area school district he could not wear his halloween costume to school. 
>> I'm surprised, shocked. I didn't know that. 
>> Reporter: Phoenixville hool board decided to skip halloween and make it a fall festival. Superintendent doctor allen begley told me in a voice mail that the principals of the elementary schools decided to make it within unified celebration of fall and that they note tied parents back in august in the welcome back newsletter of the fall celebration and that customs and parades would not be included. Outside the kindergarten center there is a halloween display but there won't be any inside the school. October 30th and 31st their fall festival will include learning activities involving things associated with the fall, just not halloween costumes. The principal told maine she has not received any complaints from parents about the change but others in the community say that this is going too far. 
>> When my daughter grew up in the phoenixville school district and they always dressed up, you know, that was a good time, fun time. 
>> I feel bad. My kids got it and these other ones are not. So it is a shame, it is. Bring it back. 
>> Halloween has been dropped in other school district because of religious connotation and attendance drops. In phoenixville kids can still celebrate halloween but they just don't want it in the elementary schools. In the social media center john anderson fox 29 news. 

[00:24:52]


>> This story is creating a buzz. We want to know what you think about this, banning halloween in schools? Do we need to have halloween parades and stuff like that. Head to my fox phillcom and click facebook icon post your comments, karen hepp will be here to read your response necessary a little bit. 
>> Doesn't surprise me in a bit. 
>> That they are canceling it. I am sure they are doing dress up day. They are allowing kids to do their customs that is a happy medium. 
>> Some people don't like it at all because of paganism aspect. Here's sue. 
>> All right. Okay. We have a beautiful day ahead, maybe in the quite as suitable as yesterday but we have a trade off coming we will tell you what that is when we bring you weather authority forecast and let you know is what going on there as well here in olde ty. 
>> Rhea quit pulling fire ] digest. It's real milk full of calcium and vitamin d. And tastes simply delicious. For those of us with lactose intolerance... Tt lactaid????ilk. TT THE ORIGINAL rr 100% LACTOSE-FREE MILK. tylenol. twins. 

[00:27:21]


Tylenol: We are? 
Nyquil (stuffy): Yeah, we both relieve coughs, sneezing, aches, fevers. 
Tenol: And I relieve nasal congestion. 
Nyquil (stuffy): Overachiever. 
Anncr vo: Tylenol cold multi-symptom nighttime relieves nasal congestion... Nyquil cold & flu doesn+t. . 
>>> An amber alert still in effect thirning in montgomery county, police say is this your little girl was taken after her grandmother was kill. Stephanie is on that story. This girl is ten months old. 
>>> Well, they say mitt romney won first debate, the president, won the second debate, so who took the third debate last night? We have the highlights. 
>> Off to a busy start, good morning, kacie. 
>> Mike. 
>> Hi, sheneille, hi sue. 
>> Hi mike. 
>> Good night, john boy. 
>> We have a look at the trade off we have. Remember we told you it would be warmer, the trade off is a few extra clouds today. I think we can live with that. 

[00:29:24]


>> I can. 
>> Looking otside here it looks okay, it looks like we have dry weather it will continue that way for the rest of the day for most of us, a seven on a scale of one to ten. It will be looking good but sunny part of the take will be first part of the day, bus stop buddy has his sweat shirt on and he does not have the umbrella because I don't think many will see a se later on. Sunrise is 7:20, but what we will see are increasing clouds, north of the city up towards lehigh valley we have best chance have of seeing a stray shower, high of 73 degrees. It is october 23rd, this is ideal. 58 degrees tonight with clouds and maybe a shower. That is your weather authority fox cast, time is 6:30 on the dot. Let's check with kacie in with traffic. 
>> We are seeing three minutes delay from woodhaven down to the vine, which isn't too bad for this time of the morning. Now lets get you travel times if you are headin out northbound on 20212 minutes, eastbound 422 looks good between oaks and 20 two. Westbound on the turnpike between bensalem and valley forge. Now a quick look at 422 near 363, trooper road, things are moving out there it looks like volume but no delays to report. Back to you guys. 6:30 exactly now. We will continue to follow this breaking news out of clayton, new jersey. Investigators find a body and say it could that be of the missing 12 years old girl. 
>> There has been a intense county wide search for autumn since she went missing on saturday. Lets go out to eve keeley with the details, steve. 
>> Reporter: They are sure this is her a neighbors say whoever was brazen enough to dump autumn's body in one of these blue recycling bins the night before the scheduled pick up this morning was just incredibly brazen to do it in the words of one family friend I just spoke to right here on the busy street named after the town clayton avenue right around the corner from the police station, boro hall and local church where the vigil was held for her last night that ended just before her body was found here around 10:00 o'clock as those attend were walking by this spot on their way home. Many people waking up to hearing this horrible news are having a real tough time hearing this. 

[00:31:48]


>> It is so sad. I woke up and it was there on my tv. I was just like stunned, stun. 
>> I feel bad, I have two little daughters too. My family is terrified now. Really bad thoughts. Now you have to watch my kids today. 
>> Today is trash day. Today is our trash day and these cans don't go out until night before. 
>> I hope whoever did it, rots. I mean I have grandchildren right there. Right there. It is just to me they get him and he he rots in hell. 
>> Reporter: No surprise that law enforcement leaders are not saying specifics about how orer with perfect body was found like what house, whose house was in it, whether it is an abandoned house or whether a person in any of the houses here is under arrest or under suspicion . We will get some answer from his an autopsy scheduled for this morning as to how autumn was killed and probably close to a time when this happening last night at 10:00 o'clock. Do the math, 59 hours after she last left her house past noon time on saturday. So we're still wondering where they are in this investigation. They have this road completely closed off, lots of police here, keeping guard and they are probably waiting for two things, both sunlight and maybe a search warrant to go into one of these houses, maybe go into a car because they found the body but they did not say whether they found her bike. That was biggest piece of evidence they are also looking for a distinctive bike and they are telling us the the neighbors were lots of kids go up and down the street every day, every hour, on bicycles, like hers, sheneille and mike? 
>> It makes your heart sick. It is just awful. Thanks, steve. 
>>> Well, from one story to another this one out in montgomery county where police have called in the fbi to help search for a missing 20 month-old girl. 
>> Child's grandmother found dead, inside the family's apartment in upper merion and stephanie is on this one, stephanie. 

[00:33:52]


>> Reporter: Good morning. Sixty-one year-old grandmother is dead, ten month-old baby is missing. This family is shattered. Police need help. 
>> Please, please don't do any harm to the kid. Please leave her h and phone police. 
>> Reporter: An aggressive search around the apartment of missing ten month-old baby saavni venna, her grandmother was found murdered in the kung of prussia apartment where she was baby-sitting. 
>> We were able to determine a 61 year-old female was deceased. They also learned that she had been watching her ten month-old granddaughter saavni venna and savvies new missing from the apartment. 
>> This is the little girl with her family, neighbors say they lived in the marquis apartments on dekalb pike for four months and that the complex had a history of security issues. 
>> If somebody finds my baby could you please bring my baby back. Don't do any harm to the baby. Please, plea help me. Thank you. 
>> Reporter: Again, saavni venna is ten month-old and weighs 21 pounds. She's asian/indian dissent. She was last seen between 8:00 a.M. And 1:00 p.M. Yesterday. The amber alert is still in effect. We are awaiting police to give us more updates, as they become available we will bring them right to you. 
>> My goodness what a morning. 6:35. President barack owe bam and republican presidential challenger mitt romney debated the issues for a third and final time last night. Main topic was supposed to be foreign policy there at lynn university, in boca rat on florida, but the president, acknowledged the need to pay more attention to our sues here at home as well and mitt romney seemed to agree. 
>> One of the challenges over last decade is we have done experiments in nation building in places like iraq and afghanistan and we have neglected to develop our own economy, our own energy sectors and education system and it is very hard for to us project leadership around the world when we are not doing what he we need to do. 

[00:36:07]


>> Mantle will of leadership for promoting principals of peace has fallen to america. We didn't ask for it, it is an honor we have it. For us to be able to promote those principals of peace requires us to be strong. That begins with the strong economy here at home and, unfortunately the economy is not stronger. When the president of iraq -- excuse me of iran ahmadinejad says our debt makes us not a great country that is a frightening thing. Former chief of -- joint chiefs of staff admiral mullen, said her debt is biggest national security threat that we face. We have weakened our economy. We need a strong economy. 
>> The election is two weeks from to daze and candidates are back out campaigning probably just about an hour or so. President obama will stay in florida and head to ohio and mitt romney is going to nevada and colorado. 6:37. Tempers can flare between candidates but some local people are going public about their frustration with the election. Chester county governor mitt romney signs have been vandalized and even destroyed. Yesterday somebody tore a sign in someone front yard. Another sign was damage at a nearby intersection. 
>> I think it is kind of lake desperate. There is other signs and an i don't know why they would choose my son. 
>> Problem isn't just with romney signs. Police say president obama, a sign of his, was damaged along sugar town road last week. Investigators are taking it seriously but they have in the seen a lot of vandalism in this particular election. 
>> It happens. 
>> Yeah. 
>> People argue about politics, politics and religion. 6:37. High school soccer game in minnesota turns violent, ending in an all out brawl. 
>> This fight shocks coaches, fans alike, look at this, these two teams before competing for a trip to the state championship when players started throwing punches. Look at this, here we go, look at that. Perhaps one of the most shocking parts here video captures the first punch through by a player of the winning team. You won, relax. Even when one of the coaches intervenes he gets punched in the head. One player even needed stepes. 

[00:38:20]


>> One of their kids swung at our players and then escalated from there a lot further then it should have gone. 
>> It was wild but we will in the let that ruin our game that happened before. Other teams try to get in our head even after we win so we will try to keep our composure more. 
>> But h his team started it, right, one of the guys whoolice are investigating the the fight andoth teams could face punishment moving for. You cannot be fighting on the field. 
>> No, don't do that. 6:39. F.D.A. Is looking into reports of five deaths linked to this popular monster energy drink. You see it all the time. While parents of the 14 year-old girl are blaming her death on these cans of energy drinks, monster. 
>>> Plus, if I told you before the season started that hunter pence would be in the world series you would have been pretty darn happy, well, we have hey lights from game seven of the nlcs when good day returns. Now he play "I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message." "I'll protect Social Security and Medicare." C'mon Tom Smith. It's time to shoot straight. Tom Smith is the millionaire Tea Party founder who supports a radical budget... ...that would cut Social Security benefits by nearly 40 percent... ...and end Medicare in two years...even for current recipients. Why? To give big tax breaks to millionaires like himself. Tom Smith. Extremely wrong for Pennsylvania. withth see. Great grains. Great grains cereal starts whole and stays whole. See the seam? More processed flakes look nothing like natural grains. I'm eating what I know is better nutrition. Mmmm. Great grains. Search great grains and see for yourself. 

[00:42:00]


>>> Giant over came a three-one deficit to knock out deeven ifing champion cardinals and win the national league pennant. 
>> Hunter pence helped break open game seven last night with the bases loaded double in the third inning. That put the giants up five to nothing. St. Louis had no answers this time for giants pitching. San francisco put finishing touches on their nine to nothing game seven win in a trying rain storm. Um sevens were not going to call this game. Noah's arc just floated by. This is second time in the past three seasons the giants are heading to the world series, I want to be sick. 
>> They will take on detroit tigers starting we night, tomorrow night right here on fox. 
>> I want to to celebrate. 
>> Maybe we can celebrate with the next game. Eagles are back to work, they are trying to get ready for sunday's game with the fas. Yesterday was first time we had a chance to talk to most of the players since defensive coordinator juan castillo was fire. 
>> You will remember following loss to detroit nnamdi asomugha questioned the defense played by the eagles in the final quarter of the game. Too much blitz going on. Nnamdi says he was in the trying to get juan castillo fired when he made those comments. 
>> I had a tough time last week when those stories came out, to be honest, because it was more so a character thing and it is something I would never do as a player and you think you guys will start to know that more as we continue to get to know each other but there is no under lying but might have meant t this. I wouldn't do that to a coach and especially juan just as part of the player/coach relationship we have been communicating and it wasn't a good feeling but after speaking to him and him knowing that wasn't the the case, I think it made it better but I don't think that had anything to do with him. 

[00:44:07]


>> He was just frustrated in the moment. 
>> That is why you go in and take a shower and talk later probably. 
>>> Speaking of those lions they were in action against chicago bears. Action may be stretching it. Jay cutler threw for 150 yards and one touchdown in the bears 13-seven win over the the lions. Win was chicago's fourth straight victory, the bears are now five-one this season while the lions dropped to two-four. 
>>> No andrew bynum, the sixers finished their preseason schedule with a six-one record following a 98-90 win over the knicks. Game was played at syracuse university, at carrier dome. Jason richardson led sixers with 23 points, sixers do not play again until their regular season opener, on halloween night at home ainst andre iguodala and denver nuggets. How about that. Dollar dollar. 
>> Matt cord is the announcer again. 
>> Good deal. 
>> One of those things he is where he belongs. 
>> Yeah. 
>> High tops coming back. 
>> A little bit. 
>> For nnamdi asomugha. 
>> House parties are coming back too. 
>> He will be in house party two or three. 
>> I think it is three. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Halloween, it is a week from tonight, am I right. 
>> Wednesday. 
>> Wednesday. 
>> Election day is two weeks from today. We are tracking the tropics this morning because we have a new tropical storm, as of yesterday, tropical storm sandy threatening jamaica right now, down here with a hurricane warnings up around the islands around jamaica and jamaica itself. 45 miles an hour wind. We also have tropical depressi number 19 that we're watching. If that one gets a name that one will be tony, sandy and tony out there in the tropics. So far, this is not an extremely strong tropical storm, we don't really expect to it strength men to a hurricane, because now it would be moving into cooler waters of the atlantic. It is not as warm as it was in the peak of the summertime but we will need to keep an eye on this storm but it will move appear to parallel to the east coast of the united states, the question is how close does it get and how much effect does it have have on the weather in our country, especially with wind and potentially with really rough is your if. We will watch that each and every day, tropical storm sandy. Now lets take a look at yesterday's high temperature. Didn't quite make it to 70. Sixty-nine yesterday. Normal high is 65 but still it was a gorgeous afternoon. 51 degrees is where we are right now, in our outlying area. We are at 50 in reading, 52 down in dover delaware. We are evening up at 73 degrees by the end of the afternoon even with some cloud cover it will be a walk on the mild side today, possibility of the shower, but most of that chance is north and west of the city. If you do see a shower it will be a little 174 degrees our high tomorrow, mostly cloudy still mild. We will start off with cloud cover and end up with sun by thd of the day with this pesky frontal system just giving us mostly clouds and rain with it. Next chance of significant rain is not until end of the weekend. We have got temperatures in the 70's all the way through, today, tomorrow, thursday. Seventy a scale of one to ten, seven tomorrow because of the clouds and slight chance of some rain but then we are up to a nine on thursday. We will be there gannon friday. Saturday looks good with a high of 71, although we will see increasing clouds by end of the day saturday getting ready for some rain on sunday. That is your seven take from the the weather day. What do you got. I have a few accidents. An overturned vehicle in washington town schill, route 542 and river road. Be the on the look out for. That now we are getting to the route 30 bypass eastbound approaching route 113, an accident in the left lane, you can see traffic gets by but backed up a little bit past the scene so expect jamming at the scene there right around route 113 on the 30 bypass heading eastbound maybe give yourself five minutes extra but traffic is getting by. The here's biggest delay right now 76 in both directions between the blue route and the vine and an extra seven to nine minutes in heading east and westbound. Back over to you guys. 

[00:48:51]


>>> Lets talk burr health new f.D.A. Is looking into reports of five deaths linked to a popular energy drink. Agency acknowledge the reports begins monster energy drinks but says they don't prove that the drink caused the deaths. Reports are used by parents of the 14 year-old girl who claimed their daughter died of a heart arrhythmia after drinking large cans of monster energy. Doctor mike will be here with more on energy drinks like this and others and tell us what we need to know, something we should be worried about. 
>>> Unsettling news for men who work night shift new study says there are three times more likely to develop prostate cancer. Team of researchers at university of quebec said the night shift affect melatonin level and exposure to news time light disrupts production. The shifts double a man chances of bowel cancer, wow, at least 14 percent of the working population worked normal shifts. 
>>> Will smith's house is big and gets a visit from the l.A. County sheriff's deputy. Tmz has details on were the smith estate was a subject of a big weep yesterday. 
>> Five people in that whole thing. 
>> Um-hmm. 
>> Lets go to xerox, they need an information management specialist for their malvern location, for more information or to apply come to my fox philly.Com, clic york fashion. I came here with j just a suitcase, maybe two. And luckily I found an apartment just three blocks away from t.J.Maxx, which was perfect because I needed everything and I still needed to make rent. T.J.Maxx is such a great place cause I know when I go in there I'm gonna score. They've got such great deals on all my favorite brands. Fashion direct from designers. Savings direct to you. This maxxinista can make it anywhere. T.J.Maxx. Let us make a maxxinista out of you. I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. 

[00:53:17]


>>> Members of n'synx were all out of sinc this weekend. Plus, red nickized it. 
>> Yes. 
>> Did I say it right. 
>> But first secret service had a lot of ground to cover during a security sweep at will smith's house. He he has done well since leaving philadelphia. 
>> He is doing all right. Aerial picture of the fresh prince's pad, everybody who lives in calabasses property. It is being secured for a lunch smiths are taking for first lady. Will, jada and selma heyek are hosting the lunch, $2,500 a person on thursday. You want a picture with michelle owe bam at pricings up to ten you this dollars a couple. 2500 if you want to be a member, 10,000 if you want to bump shoulders. 
>> Yeah, okay. 
>> What a pad. 
>> Wow. 
>> Just because they were at one time n'synx does not mean they were all invited. Justin timberlake's wedding. While he married jessica beal in wedding, jc chavez was at his brother's wednesday nothing orlando florida, and joey and lance, joey spent his weekend in l.A. And lance was at an event in san diego. 
>> What about chris kirkpatrick. 
>> The the one with the weird looking beard. 
>> Chris kirkpatrick was in italy at the the time of the wedding n word if he was at the ceremony. What about the other two i thought they were all friend. 
>> I thought they were all friends. 
>> First time I met them was at mcdonald's in grays ferry, in 2,000, the year 2,000. 
>> In grays ferry. 
>> Yes. 
>> They were in philadelphia and they had an appearance and do you know who popped up on satellite, in the mcdonald's. 
>> Who? 
>> Before it brittany spears. 
>> What do you mean on satellite, in the mcdonald's. 
>> They had a big machine for in the mcdonald's, in grays ferry. 
>> I got to talk to them. 
>> A long time ago. I'm still here and they're in italy. 

[00:55:20]


>>> This year it is going to be a honey booboo halloween. Everybody and their mother will be dressing up as toddler and her mother, including these two, do you recollect neckized them, yes, bonnie and her daughter whitney, intheir fancy clothes here. So they dressed up like honey booboo and her mom. 
>> What does it say they traded in their fancy clothes for toilet paper and go, go juice. 
>> She's holding a bag of toilet paper as part of the costume. How many honey booboos are we go to go see. 
>> I didn't think bit until this very moment. When you make it that way it is kind of fun, honey booboo or dress up as snooki but even still a lot of schools these days don't want anything to do with halloween. I guess some parents don't like it. 
>> Because there is a lot of trouble and there is religious aspects to it. Local school district is saying no, in more halloween. We will take you and let you listen to officialness phoenixville, why they decided to skip halloween this year. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. 

[00:59:45]


>>> And no, booboo, honey, one school district says no, to halloween this year, at least, that is what the school is saying. 
>> A lot of people are buzzing. 

﻿Title: Good Day
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 4/1/1996
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Pticular. 
>> This is the yeah, it just hits the pulse point or something like that. Goodorning todayse, welcome back good to have you back, from the bohamas. She brought me a cigar. 
>> And weather, the weather too. 
>> The weather, can't beat it. 
>> Okay. I will not smoke it. 
>> Just look at it, forever and ever. 
>> Anyway, you know what, we do have those mild temperatures on the way. We have a little bit of the trade off though because we will see some extra clouds, some will see a stray shower, not real likely but let's just say it is looking good. We should see some sunshine to start the day. Bus stop buddy has his sweat shirt on because it is only in the 40's in the suburbs. Temperatures are on the cool side. Morning sun giving way to afternoon clouds maybe a stray shower today and tonight, and otherwise, a low of 58 degrees. That is your weather authority fox cast at a minute after 7:00, I'm looking at this picture, kacie, what is that mess. 
>> I know, it is route 30 bypass approaching 113, there is an accident here in the left lane and it is backed up from the scene all the way back to route 340. It is 5 miles of backup. Give yourself 15 to 20 minutes. That is the accident volume, combined with morning volume so that will take a lot to get through that. Fifteen to 20 minutes to get through that eastbound side of route 30 bypass near 113. We have another accident, thinks an overturned in burlington, new jersey, route 542 at river road the scene of that accident, now out to the lehigh valley, and, and, and and and we have nothing to worry about there, back to you guys. 
>> Two minutes after 7:00 o'clock, our top stories we have been following, breaking news all morning on good day it could be a devastating end or essentially it is to a tragic story. 

[00:02:05]


>> Yes, they have found the body of autumn, in clayton, new jersey not very far from her house. Steve keeley is on the story. 
>> Less than a mile where she left that house, my saturday afternoon, mike, you look on this street and trash cans in the blue recycling bins are all along the curb. When they first, and, and the night before and nate before her body was discovered inside one of them here at 10:00 o'clock last night, and their body in between, saturday afternoon and then somehow bracingly made them feel the container, and, and in the middle of all of those searches here. 
>> I woke up and it was there on my tv and I just like was stunned, stunned. 
>> Reporter: So many prayers for a safe return, turn into so many fears of the worse. No return. 
>> Horrible, horrible, absolutely horrible and I hope they rot. 
>> Reporter: Search ended at ten last might not too long after a vigil ended and not too far from where it was held right next to police headquarters and town hall, right around the corner from here. Little autumn pasquale's body dumbed in blue recycling bin among many left out around town for pick up to day. 
>> Today was trash day, today is our trash day and these cans don't go out until night before. 
>> I have two little daughters too. Now my family is terrified now. Real bad thoughts. Now I have to watch my kids now. 
>> Reporter: We are right off have of delsea drive right around the corner from where we were yesterday, boro police headquarters and town hall ape right where that vigil was held last night at 8:00 o'clock where hundreds have gathered and including h hundreds of law enforcement from dozens of local towns who were searching all over the area and little did they know all they have to do is walk about 90 seconds from police headquarters and that is where they found her body. Law enforcement leaders did in the say whether they had arrested anyone or focused on a specific spot or house but this street you can see continues to be closed likely waiting for search warrants and daylight to help that investigation. They are showing you picture of the bicycle there and that is other unanswered questions was the bicycle found or do they suspect to find it maybe in one of these houses on the street and that is why the street is still closed off waiting for a search warrant to maybe go in the house where a vehicle. We should get some answers sheneille and mike from the authorities later on today after the planned autopsy which should tell us a couple things how amber was killed and close to when she was killed her body found 58 hours after she left her home saturday just past noon time on that bike which was a white bmx bike and that stood out and they thought they would find that first perhaps and maybe that would lead to an answer to find her but we don't know whether they found that bike yet or not. 

[00:05:12]


>> All right, steve we will get back to you. 
>>> This next one is also a tragic, pretty scary at this point an amber alert still in effect for ten month-old girl this case is out of montgomery county. 
>> Fbi has now joined in the search for the the girl after her grandmother was found dead inside the family's apartment. Stephanie is on this one. 
>> Reporter: Good morning, we're still waiting for an update for a search for ten month-old saavni venna, the girl disappeared from her faly apartment sometime between 8:00 a.M. And 1:00 p.M. Yesterday. H her grandmother who was supposed to be baby-sitting her was murdered in that apartment. Neighbors say h family lives at marquis apartments on dekalb pike in king of prussia for about four months, they say the couple tried for years to conceive, yesterday the baby's grand the mother vice to continuing from india was murdered. Police have not said how. The baby is now missing. 
>> They were able to determine that a 61 year-old female, was deceased. They also learned that she had been watching her ten month-old granddaughter, saavni venna and savvies now missing from the apartment. 
>> Reporter: Friends and child's father pleaded with the kidnap tore bring the ten month-old saavni venna home. 
>> Please, please don't do any harm to the kid. Please leave her immediately and inform will police. 
>> If somebody finds my baby please bring my baby back. Do not do any harm to the baby. Please, please help me in this murder. Thank you. 
>> Reporter: Upper merion township police working closely with the the fbi to search for that little girl. I will describe her to you one more time. She's 21-pound, ten month-old, her name is saavni venna, she has brown hair and eyes and asian/indian dissent. She was last seen wearing a white dress with little pink flowers on it. If you have any information contact the local authorities. They are still looking for this young girl. 

[00:07:22]


>> Okay, stephanie. 7:07. Parents in delaware county are demanding answers aspirin of the school is there focus of the federal investigation. Doctor troy is the principal of springton middle school in media placed on administrative leave last week. This is after the feds say they written investigating h him for mail fraud. District said it notified parents but some are still in the dark. 
>> We really don't know anything. They have in the told us anything. Rumors are flying around but that is about it. 
>> District superintendent jim let ho said they have received no further information from federal authorities so the principal remains on administrative leave. 
>>> Let's get everybody fired up. School district in chester county. This is just an example. A school district in chester county has decided not to celebrate halloween in the classrm this year. 
>> Karen, why, why? 
>> They have decided to do a fall festival. They say from the principals to the elementary schools and they wanted to make this changement that is what they decided to do whenever you make a change you will hear from people bit. Parents are very vocal about this this they got a heads up. There was a letter sent home saying they were going to make this change. School board said they decided to replace the traditional halloween decorations and the dress up, so many parents and kids look forward to those parades around the school yard, well, the principals of the elementary school say let's make this a unified celebration of fall without the dress ups, because we are having kids that are not coming and it creates problems and distractions but many in the community think this school is taking meaning of halloween too far. 
>> When my daughter grew up in the phoenixville school district and they always dressed up, you know, that was a good time. That was a fun time. 
>> I feel bad, my kids got it and these other once are not. It is a shame. It is. 
>> Bring it back. 
>> Well, you know, district has not gotten any official complaints from parents but people in the community that are certainly talking and lots of other districts are doing it right new because of either religious connotation, drops in attendance, people don't practice it but people feel strongly about dressing up. We have a lot of reactions on facebook. One of our facebook, kim says, you cannot respect or teach others about diversity by trying to make everyone and everything the same, which ace good point. Karen may says ridiculous. Majority no longer rules. If we're offending that many will why do we always have to change, why don't they leave. 

[00:10:01]


>> Okay. 
>> That is the majority. 
>> Tell us what you think, we love differences in opinions on this one. 
>> When did this whole thing get started, back in my day when I walked to school 10 miles with no shoes. We didn't have halloween. You didn't dress up in costume in school. Then my kids though had halloween parades at the school. But back in my day, we just did it after school. 
>> No, I think. 
>> In your neighborhoody forgot about the parades and when karen mentioned it. I remembered the kids who didn't get to dress up they weren't allowed to stay in the classroom. They had to walk around in the circumstance is will. 
>> In your street clothes. 
>> In your street clothes. 
>> I remember waking up and i say this every year because I'm still scared waking up halloween morning and I didn't have a costume and I had to be my little popety years in a row. I remember walking around in shame in that circle in costumes. 
>> Exactly, braid your hair, do something. 
>> Everybody was a baby. 
>> You went as my little pony. 
>> Two years in a row. 
>> Really, did you have a pink tail. 
>> You know which one it wase was a lavender color. 
>> Yes y will find these pictures. 
>> Anyway tell us what you think, everybody is buzzing bit on facebook this this morning or tweet us and we will read your comments. 
>> Sure. 
>> Onto politics now last phase in the race for president begins this morning. 
>> President obama and mitt romney held their final presidential debate last night in florida. Doug, I guess topic was foreign policy but they kept bringing it back to the economy, didn't they. 
>> Reporter: I'm trying to get those costume images out of my head, lavender pony. 
>> Good times. 
>> Reporter: Good morning. Listen, I'm sure that these guys will be seen a lot through the course of halloween, I'm sure there will be people dressing up as them a lot of interest h in this debate. Focus was on foreign policy. They have the same goal, come november 6th but they have very different strategies to get e. This debate begins as they all do with a handshake but president obama and mitt romney headed to their seats they had different objectives. Romney preserve his momentum, president to get some back. With romney questioned cuts to the issue a chris tall issue in battle ground state in virginia the the president delivered what his supporters think was a line of the night. 

[00:12:36]


>> You mentioned the navy and we have fewer h ships then we did in 1916. We have fewer horses and bayonnets because the nature of our hillary has changed. 
>> Reporter: We enter the the split screen told whole story with the president in the the looking down in his first debate this time at moments it was nearly a glare. While the focus was on foreign policy with questions about chine, iran, israel and surprisingly brief mention of libya romney made apivot to the weak economy. 
>> America must lead and for had to happen we have to strengthen our economy here at home. You cannot have 23 million people struggling to get a job. 
>> Reporter: For his part president echoed his campaign's new line that romney isn't ready for the job. 
>> I have to tell you that, you know, your strategy previously has been one that has been all over the map and not designed to keep americans safe and build on the opportunities that exist in the middle east. 
>> President we again what i have called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that and they saw weakness. 
>> Reporter: We have been looking at twitter each morning after these debates and this gives us an idea of what peaked interests of twitter users. They identified four peak moments talking about syria, the president's forces and bayonets line, mitt romney's apology tour and at the end wh both were talking about teachers. Mike and sheneille. 
>> For sure. 
>> All right, doug we will check back with you tomorrow. We will have more on the debate later on, on our show and tell but the the polls, who won, et cetera. 
>>> If you are an apple fan and I'm talking about the truth, if you are an apple fan take a slice out of this. Company is set to unveil its smaller ipad today. 
>> Tech bloggers and analyst think it will be and half size. But what will it cost. Experts say anywhere from, here we go $249, to $299. Who but 250 to $300. 

[00:14:44]


>> Why do I want this i already have a ipad. 
>> That is what people are onering with the exception of the fact that you want latest and greatest. We will have our techy but he loves that term anthony, with more on the announcement coming up. Why should you get this new ipad, why sit different from the kindle fire. 
>> Smaller, better, yeah, sue has a kindle, isn't that good enough. 
>> It does the same thing. 
>> What do got. 
>> I think it is the price because it is cheaper then the regular ipad and smaller but i think they are trying to compete with that kindle fire. We've got bright sunshine just like we said we would, the most sunny part will be early part of the day we expect some clouds we do see rain headed towards harrisburg. We do not expect this to held together and make its way here but we will show it to you. It is not muc be concerned about. We do have this frontal system that is out to our west, but most of this is heading up towards the northeast and, for us, we will just see an increase in cloud cover today but as you saw we are off to a bright sunny start. All that sunshine yesterday took us to 69 degrees. That was our high temperature. Normal high is 65, it was a marvelous monday. Really was just about perfect, in fact, it did deserve a ten that we gave it. Now a week from tommies halloween, two weeks from today is election day. This is the fourth cast according to weather trends 360 looking long range at our trend. It looks cooler then air mass we have in place right now and we have possibilities of rain on election day that often es effect turnout. So be prepared for that possibility as we get closer to tuesday, the the sixth of november. 52 degrees in philadelphia right now, 49 in wilmington, 51 in dover. Forty-four up in mount pocono, it is slightly, milder then it was yesterday, not a lot but slightly. Today we expect to be slightly milder then yesterday, we showed you yesterday's high 69 degrees. We expect to be in the 07's. Becoming cloudy, mild, shower is most likely north and west of the city, and, here's a stationary front that will give us some clouds tomorrow but we will still be on the mild side of that front we think with the high temperature of 74 degrees for tomorrow. This ace nice warmer than average trend and it appears to be continuing through end of the work week and beyond. Seven on the scale of one to ten tomorrow because of extra clouds and then a nine on thursday. By friday we are up to 71. Saturday we are still at 71. Beautiful days true saturday. Next chance of significant rainfall if you have tickets to the eagles game on sunday is for sunday. We could see some showers in the afternoon then and monday as well. Temperatures back down in the the seasonal 60's by then. Is there your seven day forecast make your plans accordingly but don't leave yet here's kacie. 

[00:17:56]


>> This this accident on the eastbound side of the route 30 bypass approaching route 113 is not out of there yet working to get that out of your hair right now but left lane still blocked in downingtown chester county. It is backup all the way back to route 340 so 20 extra minutes to get through that heading eastbound on route 30. Now we are heading to the westbound side of the vine, an accide there that was in the right lane. We see that congestion merging on to 76. A three minute delay on the stretch of the vine. Now we are getting to an accident in white marsh montgomery county on devonshire at pilgrim and quick look at majors. If the accidents don't slow you down the normal volume and delays on your majors will. That is what we are up against, back to you guys. 7:19. Lets go out to jen fredrick. The here's jen. 
>> We told you all about simon's 

[00:23:01]


>>> testing. 
>> Testing. 
>> There have been some bumps on the road what are they. 
>> Intentions are very good for this because it really looks for, certain signs and symptoms and fami history that we clue new for some child or adolescent h may be at risk for sudden cardiac arrest, lot of it is silent and may not have any findings on exam or history so it is tuned into taking careful history doing exam, looking for screening factors. So based on that and schools do pia and new law in middle school and high school, they need as of this fall to start screening their athletes which involves a registration form, that goes home and the child and parent have to agree to and sign. 
>> Let's talk about the basics. There are kids being pulled off of athletic fields in your district and other districts and you said candidly sometimes unfairly. 
>> Right. 
>> What is that. 
>> Some of the symptoms we used on the list, and the major ones are really dizziness, fainting, feeling like you will faint, chest pain, funny heartbeat but there are some that are more vague such as extreme fatigue, nausea, vomiting are included on the act 59 form. Many of these symptoms and signs are very vague for teenagers, many has these symptoms. Other concern is the law as it states if these symptoms occur even before an exercise they are supposed to be flagged and kids have to be pulled. The key is that the key concerning signs and symptoms are during or after peak exercise so the logistics of somebody having these symptoms sitting in classroom, throw up, getting a sharp chest pain which is usually a non-specific none worrisome type chest pain then having to say to their coaches or athletic directors I hadthis pain technically by the law they are supposed to be pulled out and cleared by a physician or practitioner and then potentially even by clear by a cardiologist. 
>> You think this will result in student athletes not saying that they have some of this stuff because they are worried about being pulled in a critical part of their fall season. 

[00:25:05]


>> Right. 
>>> Coming up at 8:45 we will speak to a student athlete, h has had these signs and you have been working with her so we will get more into that, logistics of how it works so this is simon's dad as i shared with you we have done a lot of store business him. I mentioned this to him. There are difficulties in implementing. That is to be understood. We have a statement from him which reads in part thi law has made sudden cardiac arrest a household term. Now parents, coaches will necessity that sudden cardiac arrest is not just an adult think and that faking episodes on the field require more attention then a few minutes of rest and gator aid. Most important thing that is parents and coaches will be more a bear than phyillis and I were. 
>> Definitely worth a screening. 
>> Thanks for letting us in your office. We will be here, throughout the the morning, talking to this girl. The she's a great athlete and she has had some problems with safety and things like. That we will talk to her about that. 
>> Thanks, jen. 6:26. Mess critics say first two debates between president obama and mitt romney were split with governor romney taking first one and president taking the second one so who won last night? I mean most of the polls say the the the president but what do you think. We will play more of the debate and look, it is renee and eleanore, they are already talking bit. We will talk about the debate after the the break. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 

[00:27:40]


[ Female Announcer ] IN JUST THE HOUR IT Takes you to get to work, nearly 2 million toilet paper tubes are being thrown away in the united states. 
[ elevator bell dings ] It's time we tossed the tube for good. SWITCH TO Scott Naturals Tube-Free Bath Tissue And get the softness you need without the wasteful tube. 7:30. Let's get over to sue serio with weather and kacie has traffic. 
>> Terweather, that is your whole world, when we had benifur, just make everything into one word. Let's take a on a scale of one to ten forecast by the numbers. We will go to a seven. Why? We are off to a sunny start and it will be mild but we are expecting increasing clouds by the end of the day. Temperatures an the 50's, in the city, 40's in the suburbs, and bus stop buddy has on his sweat shirt just like yesterday to make he is nice and warm. 73 degrees our high temperature today for october 23rd, that is a marvelous high temperature, normally we he should be about 65. And for tonight we have a low of 58 degreesment now possibility is there for a stray shower or two, not everybody will get one, mostly we will see increasing clouds but nice and mild temperature day. That is your fox cast from the weather authority, time is 7:30, let's check with kaci 

[00:30:18]


>> they are still trying to get eastbound side of route 30 bypass approaching 113, intermittent lane blockages closing both lanes in downingtown chester county, backed up from the scene to reeseville road. So about 7 miles of backup. You can take bus route 30 as your alternate but it might take as long as this way, just with all of the red lights there in that section. Give yourself about 20 minutes to a ha on hour heading eastbound that way. Next up I have got a shot at route 42 in creek road in new jersey. Headlights north bound with a six minute delay from the ac expressway to the city, and finally, let's come back to pennsylvania, here's i-95 at cottman avenue. Taillights heading southbound, expect an extra 15 minute delay heading south from woodhaven to the vine, back over to you you guys. 
>> Thanks, kacie. 
>>> Only two more weeks now until you decide who will be the the next president, president barack obama and mitt romney back on the campaign trail this morning. 
>> But last night they hashed it out face-to-face, I guess shoulder to shoulder over issuesike foreign policy, military spending. 
>> Let's talk about military spending, and that is this, our navy is smaller now then anytime since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We are down to 285. We are headed down to the low 200 if we go through a sequestration. That is unacceptable to me. 
>> You mentioned the navy for example we have fewer ships we did in 1916. Governor we have fewer horses and bayonnets because the nature of our hillary has changed. 
>> Using drones and things like. That well, renee and eleanore watched the debate and they join us now. 
>> Good morning. 
>> That was a twitter moment. 
>> Facebook exploded. 
>> Military says we still use bayonnets so people go back and forth. 
>> The snap polls overnight on cbs says the president won by like 14 points, cnn says eight-point win for the president did you saw it that way. 
>> Bottom line is that each person was really going to their base, solidifying their base. Particularly the the president. He wants to make sure he has his base. I'm not so sure he has all his base. 

[00:32:26]


>> Hard for a person who is not president to have much of a foreign policy background. 
>> Other thing is that romney what is doing he was trying to pu himself to the middle to show he is not a republican warmonger like you cannot kill yourself out of this. He had to compliment the the president on killing osaman laden. So I mean he was tryi to come to the middle and president was trying to show that it takes a long time to get a foreign policy thing in place. 
>> They agreed on a whole lot of thing. 
>> That is where eleanore was right for once, he was coming in the middle. Trying to get those undecided votes. 
>> It seemed like to me here's a guy mitt romney who thinks he has kind of got h this. 
>> Oh, yeah. 
>> And playing it a little safe. 
>> He was playing safe because that is the whole team, campaign team is saying, don't attack. He could have attack on libya. He held back. He could have madeome points in the beginning. He said why should I go through that. 
>> He doesn't want to attack too much because who is in charge in a lot of foreign policy, secretary of state, a woman and he is losing would the hand's vote big time. So he doesn't want to attack a woman. 
>> He is goin up and down. The rst debate he was like on it with women. He went up very high. 
>> He is in the middle now. Bottom line is people are now watching, you know, what the swing states are doing. That will count. This race nationally is a horse race. Bottom line is state to state. We have to see what state will do. Get your ground people in pennsylvania, have people from all over the country here ready to go. 
>> It looks like we may have 2,000 all over again, somebody could win the popular vote. 
>> You are right about that. 
>> It will be very close. 
>> I was watching sue this morning before I left the house and she is talking about rain on election day. 
>> That is not good. 
>> They also brought up stuff they have in the talk about. Russia was brought up. Listen to this... 

[00:34:30]


>> I read you recognized al qaeda is a threat because few months ago is what the biggest ge o politil threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda, you said russia. 1980's are calling and asking their foreign policy back. 
>> Russia I indicated is a ge o political foe, excuse me, a ge o political foe and I said in the same paragraph an i said and iran is greatest national security threat that we face. 
>> You know, did they bring up the situation with iran, president may be willingo sit down face-to-face with ahmadinejad. 
>> They did not talk about that. 
>> Surprising. 
>> They both missed some opportunities in different levels. 
>> It was strategic. 
>> I think the whole piece was strategic. People were saying okay, obama wanted to make sure he has his base. Mitt romney wanted to make sure he can hold his own. 
>> What about the undecideds. 
>> They are not looking at that. 
>> As much as they talk about everything last night they didn't talk about a lot of things because one thing both of them want and they are both good men. They both care about the country. You don't want to give away anything. You don't -- believe me, all everybody watching that debate, you have to be very careful. 
>> You cannot give all of your secrets out. 
>> Two weeks from tomorrow, are we go to go look back on denver and say that is where the president lost the election. 
>> You could. 
>> Would you, because he won two of the debates. Had he won denver. 
>> But this is a state race now. This is not national. This is all about the the states. Your ground team. Could have lost virginia with that navy stuff. He was flipping the script. There is a lot have of things that happen that people. 
>> Labor felt very strong. You will see labor on the ground and working. 
>> You will see some labor because some labor are not agreeing with president owe bam and let's be honest, they have been on the air talking about you know what, he was talking about my father who did all of the things to save this country, these type of thing and now he ising ago begins them amazing how things have changed in a month. 

[00:36:45]


>> Yes. 
>> Now, not much at all. 
>> The president is nervous and so are democrats. He is very nervous. He was trying to be cool but if you watch his body language he is upset. 
>> Romney stuttered much more then he did the first time he was much less comfortable talking foreign policy. 
>> And he put the economy in there. 
>> We have been talking about this for how long. 
>> Five years for me. 
>> Thanks both very much. 
>>> F.D.A. Is looking into reports of five deaths link to monster energy drinks? Should you think twice about that before you pick up these energy drinks no matter what the name is on the label. 
>> That is right. 
>>> Plus you are standing in an elevator and the the floor starts falling out from underneath you, what do you do besides scream andhen call your laundry person. 
>> Call the lord. 
>> My lord. 
>> This is a prank. I'm going to go tell how pulled it after the break. 
>> That from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. name?" flo." "And what do you do?" "Oh, I sell insurance like no one else." "Oh, that's nice." "Thank you." Now, that's progressive. Call or click today. 

[00:40:51]


>>> Twenty minutes in front of eight, hunter pence and san francisco giant are on their way to the world series, giants over came a three-one deficit to knock out defending champion cardinals and win national league pennant. 
>> Hunter helped break open the game last night with the bases loaded, double. Third inning. That put giants up five to nothing. It was over then. St. Louis had no answ for rest of the game. San francisco put finishing touches on their nine to nothing game seven win in that driving rain storm. This is the second time in the past three seasons that the giants are heading to the world series. They will take on the detroit tigers starting tomorrow night right here on fox. They have those stupid beards again. 
>>> Every now and then you hear about people falling down elevator shaft. 
>> People worry about this stuff. With that in mind one company called south korean conglomerate lg, I think i have one of their tv is pulling a cruel prank on workers. They thought this was funny, look. 
>> They are standing on the plexiglas they are fine but it is an illusion like they are falling down your staff. 
>> Somebody could have had a heart attack. 
>> I know, effect is heightened by this ominous flickering of the lights and sound effect so why would they do that to their workers. 
>> It is all to show how clear the picture is on the company's new computer monitors. 
>> What? 
>> Yes. 
>> They are looking into a monitor. 
>> That is craz 

[00:42:52]


>> I b we could not getaway with that. 
>> I can't believe that. 
>> I'm alive. 
>> You could have a heart attack, wouldn't you. 
>> I know it. 
>> That is horrible. 
>> That one guy said only my laundry man knows how scared i was. 
>>> Are energy drinks like monster, shh, putting your health at risk, f.D.A. Says they are investigating a number of deaths like five deaths link to this popular energy drink and doctor mike has been studying this, should we be concerned, boy, so many of us drink those energy 

[00:46:04]


>>> think about it for a second, sheneille. 
>> Let's not. 
>> Imagine it. 7:46. Look who it is, it is sue. 
>> Yes, we have some cloud cover out there but for the the most part we are starting off nice and seeing decent amount of sunshine around here. We are checking tropics because we have a new named storm, tropical storm sandy, with winds of 45 miles an hour. It is about 345 miles away from jamaica. We have hurricane advisories up in jamaica, even though this is a tropical storm with 45-mile an hour winds it is packing rain with it, and we're also watching tropical depression number 19. Next name on the list is tony. So, we will keep an eye on all of this especially sandy though becauf the the projected pa of that storm which takes it over cuba through the bohamas and parallel to the east coast of the united states. So florida keys will to have watch out for this, of course, like I said the bohamas, and then the the east coast we could see some rough surf. We could see high winds. It depends how close it gets to the coast. That is worth keeping an eye on. We're looking at temperatures. Right now as you walk out the door 52 in philadelphia. Many of our suburbs are still in the 40's. We have 50 in pottstown. Fifty-one in reading. Forty-nine in wilmington. We have had temperatures yesterday that barely reached 70ment they were close with you today we expect to exceed 70 degrees with 73 for a high temperature. Even with all that cloud cover we will get, don't expect to see much rain, if any, even though there is some rain out towards the state capitol this morning, probably a lot of it will not be holding together. For tomorrow, 74 degreesment even with cloud cover. We're on the mild side, of a stalled frontal system. Then we should see sunshine back in in full force by thursday. High of 71 degrees. We will stay in the 70's throughout the the workweek and beyond. It looks like we will still get in the 07's on the saturday. It looks like we will be dry for our light the the night walk at eakins oval to benefit leukemia lymphoma society. We will have have more details on that coming up. We hope you will join us. The we are holding off the rain hopefully until sunday because of that. So, we've got some rain in the forecast for monday as well, that is your seven day forecast, most of it is pretty good the from the weather authority. Let's see what the story is for traffic with kacie. 

[00:48:24]


>> We're heading out to montgomery drive that is closed in both directions between martin luther king and belmont. There was an oz are involved in that accident. The eastbound 76, eastbound ramps to montgomery drive from 76 is closed due to police activity there. We will keep a eye on that but again, there is a stretch closed there. Now we will get to the eastbound side of the route 30 bypass a roaching route 113. There ways an accident there, we will show thaw in downingtown, chester county. It is still backup for 5 miles. You could take business route 30 that might take just as long though with the lights and that intersection. Do take caution heading eastbound to the route 30 bypass. Now lets get to montgomery county. I have two accidents. First in lowerwenned township at north bethlehem pike in sloan way and lower providence, intersection of south trooper and rodgers. Be on the look out for that. Back to you guys. 
>>> A important health story this morning over a very popular products. F.D.A. Looks into reports of five deaths linked to a popular energy drink. 
>> This is after reports from parents that a 14 year-old girl died from a heart arrhythmia after drinking large cans of this monster energy drink. But doctor mike is here and looking into this this. I guess we can talk about all energy drinks and is what contained in them. I guess this young woman, 14 years old, drank two, tall cans of the monster drink. 
>> Right, 240 milligrams of caffeine in each. And, we always talk about this kind of product, usually around the holidays, when people are mixing alcohol with it. This is a case where the young woman who had no alcohol. That is what we have heard. Basically died from an arrhythmia. What is an arrhythmia? An arrhythmia is an abnormal rhythm of the heart, the heart pumps blood in a regular rhythm and caffeine can disturb that. Now what is very interesting, and I want to take a look at this, there is a case that this woman may have had elers danlows syndrome. What is that? What you see there is the skin being pulled . It is a condition where is there an abnormality of collegeon, connect I have tissue and that cannot only effect skin but you if you look at this next picture, it can affect the the heart. It can cause problems with this. We have another picture here where we can see it actually cause a bursting of the aorta, that is the big pipe that comes out of the heart and feed blood through the entire body. That is because is there collegeon in there and if you have have that condition. Then, you combine it, with ssive doses of caffeine. 

[00:51:04]


>> Which is what we see. 
>> It can make your blood pressure go up, and it can cause arrhythmia, problems with rhythms. 
>> Give us perspective, 240 milligrams of caffeine. I'm trying to think bit as a can of coke or coffee. 
>> More than that. 
>> Seven times more, ten times more. 
>> And, let me put it to you this way 40 milligrams is enough to cause problems if you are susceptible to caffeine. So what I think needs to happies they need better labeling and why it took 12 years olds that are this. 
>> Energy drinks. 
>> I don't know if it is equivalent to ten cans have of coke. I don't know if people understand what they are drinking. 240 is seven times more than a regular cola. 
>> There is absolutely in reason why anyone should be doing this kind of thing especially if you have a heart condition, if you have a problem with your heart rhythms, or especially elers danlows syndrome. 
>> Yesterday we were talking about boys reaching puberty maybe two years. 
>> As early as nine years old. 
>> What is going on? 
>> Well, there is a lot of theories, a lot of conjecture, could it be harmones, could it be obesity, could it be bisphenol a, disruptors, no one really knows, and to make matters even more confusing some people are even not that concerned about this. The only medical concern for a guy or for a boy is that there may be an increased risk of testicle cancer down the road but who knows, no one knows. I'm more concerned about energy drinks then I am early puberty. It is interesting, we will have to see. I'm convinced that the environment is full of toxins and harmonal things that are going on that are adversely affect. 
>> Screwing us up. 

[00:53:04]


>> Yes, that the right. 
>>> Apple is expected to unveil a new ipad mini today, our tech expert, waiting in the wings, to Mommy! I went potty! That's great, honey.... Where? For life's bleachable moments. ] dark dawn. It's a rainy morning becoming a caramel drizzle. With folgers gourmet selections, you can turn any day gourmet. New roasts, new flavors, and a new look. I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. ???????????? just when I thought I was up to speed with all the apple products. 

[00:56:28]


>> You can't keep up. They design that it way. I keal feel like if they have the iphone five they've got seven already in the works. Please. 
>>> I order the I pope 18 yesterday. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>>> Thinking of buying yourselves or family member a tablet for the holidays a lot of people are. The question is which one do you get now. 
>> There are so many and so many off brands now are selling kind of cheaper versions. 
>>> Yeah. 
>> How do we compare all of this? We certainly don't know. We have our tech expert coming in this morning anthony monk lewis so. Good morning to you. 
>>> Good morning. 
>> I don't know where to start. 
>>> Let's start with the mini. 
>> We have theism pad, right. 
>>> We have the i-pad. 
>> One that's a little smaller called the i-pad mini. 
>>> Yes, indeed. So now we have the i-pad which is 9.8-inches. 
>> Give us perspective because you've got the products here. 9.8-inch. 
>> That's the regular size of anism pad. 
>>> This is the i-pad -- we'll call it the i-pad f now. This little guy over here is the kindle. 50 shades of gray this is sues. 
>>> The new device is going to be about in the middle of these two. 
>> In the middle. 
>>> In the middle. Now the interesting thing about this is, steve jobs once said there would be no market for the 7-inch tablet. Clearly it's getting out there. Obviously michael soft has the surface coming out which they'll be announcing this week so, we're getting little tablet crazy for the holidays. 
>> Is it simply smaller does it have other features? 
>>> When it make it smaller obviously your battery life will increase. One of the new features with the i-pad mini if you look at the inside the guts with everything, it's all batteries. It could last for days. So I mean that is good. Obviously, the chipsets getting faster. This is iphone five. This has a super fast processor so it's getting smaller. It's getting faster. It's getting lighter. 
>> If you have apps then will they still work on, you know what I mean? How do the apps factor into all of that. 
>>> Very good. That's a good one. 
>> That's all people care about. 
>>> The reason why apple made the tablet 7.8-inches it actually fits the same aspect ratio of the regular i-pad which means the application developers will not have to row remake the apps. 
>> If your apps didn't work for the new one that would sting. 
>>> Absolutely. 

[00:58:29]


>> You know what I mean. 
>>> What's it going to cost. 300. 
>>> You got it. Between 249 and 329 is the rumored price. 
>> That sounds like a steal to me. 
>>> You're paying, eight, 900 bucks for a fully loaded i-pad. That's the entry level price. When you add cellular it will be another 130 bucks. More storage 100 bucks a pop. It will get around 500. If you want to get in the game it will be around 300. 
>> How about if I just have a kindle I'll thai with that. 
>>> You can stay with the kindle. Cool thing with the kindle the true text on the old one is better for your eyes and sleeping. 
>> There's a kindle fire. I can't keep it all straight. 
>>> Yup. 
>> What's the difference between the kindle fire and i-pad mini? 
>>> All about the same. 
>> Really? 
>>> It's a cool screen. It's full color. It's small. 
>> You can read this in the sun, too. 
>>> You can read this in the sun. The one thing with the newism pad and the kindle for the ladies they call it pursable. It fits in your purse. 
>> Pursable. 
>>> Pursable. 
>> Whatever down at the -- whatever. Wal mart -- I don't know. Toys r us. You see these little I pads being sold. Are they any good at all. 
>>> They're running the droid. 
>> For kids. 
>>> They work. They're running the android software google produces and you can go to wal mart and get one of those for 99 buck. They work I hate to say it just as same. It's the marketing and media and everything else. 
>> You're right. I can only imagine. 
>>> It's all what you want and what you're feeling. 
>> Like carl's tablet. 
>> Something like that. 
>> Off brand. 
>> Whatever. Cute little case on it and no one will ever know. Good to see you marks may man. 
>>> Thank you. 
>> It's straight up 88:00 o'clock here. Let's do another hour of this program we call good day. 
>> Live from philadelphia, this is good day. 
>> Yeah. TUESDAY, OCTOBER THE 23rd. Police believe, yes, now they know they have found autumn. The 12 year old girl who was missing steve has the latest information. He has new details now out of clayton, new jersey. 
>> And search is on for a 10 month old girl. The suspect -- they're looking for apparently killed this little girl's grandmother and then took the baby from their montgomery county apartment. Stephanie is on that amber alert story. 

[01:00:40]


>> And which credit card offer the best rewards? We answer your questions on which credit cards you should get and which ones you should forget in just little bit. But casey is here. 
>> Good morning to you. 
>> Nice to see you guys, too. Good morning. 
>> This shot it looks like we're very important. 50 shades of blue today. 
>> She's navy blew. 
>> I'm in navy blew. 
>> Teal. 
>> I have a blue shirt on. 
>>> Do you have a blue shirt on. 50 shades. 
>> Teal pants. You just can't see them. 
>>> Those are nice. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> Rereading. Any way let's take a look at our weather for today. I'm just kidding. We do have on a scale of one to 10 not a today. 
>> What is it? 
>>> We're up to a seven. 
>> That's good. 
>>> Why, because the increasing cloud cover. We'll have some extra clouds today. Still looking good and the temperatures will be pretty comfortable again today. Above average which we always like to be above average. So does bus stop buddy he is special physical he have a quiz like he might today. Waiting for the bus temperatures are in the 50s in the city. 40s in the suburbs. You will need that sweater or sweatshirt this morning, but look at our high temperature, 73 degrees. We'll have those extra clouds in the afternoon. Few folks will get a shower but it's not real likely. 58 degrees tonight with some clouds and a stray shower much that's your weather authority fox cast. Two minutes aft 8:00 o'clock. We better get to traffic. 
>> Better get to traffic, thanks, sue. There was an accident involving a police officer on montgomery drive and it's closing it between 76 and martin luther king drive. Girard avenue will be a good alternate for you there. Martin luther king drive is also closed at montgomery so kelly drive will get you around that. The ramp to 76 east -- the ramp from 76 east to montgomery drive also is closed right now. Now, we're going to the eastbound side of the route 30 bypass that's been sticking around that accident there on route 113 all morning. That accident has been cleared there in downingtown, chester county, but we're still seeing a big backup leading to the scene. A few miles of backup. It's going to be about 15 extra minutes if you are heading eastbound through there. Let's get look at some of your biggest delays f your heading southbound on 95 from woodhaven to the 5934 minutes there and also a quick peek at 422 between 100 and 202 about a 15 minute delay there as well. Back towages. 

[01:02:54]


>> All right, casey. 
>> One of the big stories this morning no doubt about it tragic end in the search for a missing gloucester township girl. 
>> Police say her body found in clayton, new jersey, not far from where she lived maybe less than a mile away and steve is on the story. Steve? 
>> So, so tragic and scary for everybody here, steve. 
>> Reporter: When we arrived here yesterday morning, the first person who ran up to me were you a guy I get six months ago the last time we were here for a story the new mayor just got in office at the start of the year one of the nicest people you'll ever meet, tom bee an company. There he is smiling there. Smiling now after just crying talking to me about 10 minutes ago. He's back here but yesterday he was at the other corner here handing out flyers in the middle of the street stopping traffic. That's how much this guy cared about this. He's a father of four himself. Lived here most of his adult life getting married, got him here in the first place and he just decided to stay put and now he's here today among the many here just completely distraught over wt was found. Autumn pasquale's body discovered in one of the blue recycling bins you see out here on the curb side today. One of the many lining this very busy street. Now blocked off by police and people who live all around here that we've met all morning say no one puts these containers out till the night before pick up is scheduled this morning now they're wondering how long autumn dead and how long someone left her in a recycling bin before maybe wheeling it out to the bush. Last night hoping no one would find her until recycling center got operating or ever find her at all if she got lost in all the shuffle of that place. And the amazing thing was she was discovered right around the corner from where a vigil was held where the mayor and everybody else in town it seemed was there last night just right around the corner just about a minute and a half walk from here. So everybody is just stunned that somebody was so brazen to put her body in one of these bins and put it out to the curb for pick up this morning. 

[01:04:58]


>> I have two little daughters, too. Now, my family terrified now. 
>> Her body found less than mile from her house. Right around the corner from the police headquarters. The borough hall and where a vigil was held last night there that ended just moments before her body was found here at 10:00. So close to the corner where flyers with her picture were being handed out to everyone passing by this time yesterday. Maybe even the killer. And up until now, this street always full of kids and up until now always safe for kids. 
>> A lot of friendly kids that come up and down the road on their bikes, talking, playing whatever. Kid friendly neighborhood. 
>> I have grandchildren right there, right there, and it's just to me -- I hope they get him and I hope he rots in hell. 
>> I woke up and it was there on my tv and I just like was stunned, stunned. 
>> You would never think it would happen in your own backyard but the little girl -- a little girl, 12 year old girl. 12 years old. She had the rest of her live ahead of her. That's it. 
>> Reporter: A guy lost for words who usually has a lot of words about anything you ask him about but just tough to talk about this morning. Law enforcement leaders also not saying much themselves. They have not announced whether they have a specific house here that they targeted and a specific homeowner or a resident in one of the houses here. Either under arrest or under suspicion even exactly how her body was found and what led them to lift the lid of that recycling bin, maybe a tip just a hunch or if there are any registered sex offenders living around here, none of the people that anybody living around here maybe knew about. Other questions to be answered here that was whether her bike was found or not because that was what everybody thought would be the biggest clue, the biggest piece of evidence that may lead to some of the answers. We don't know whether the bike was found or whether she was killed close to the time she was found or whether she had been dead since shortly after being reported missing saturday. So an autopsy should give us some answers. That is scheduled for this morning. That will at least tell us how she was killed and closely to when. Sheinelle and mike. 

[01:07:11]


>> Are police telling us who lifted up the lid in the first place? Do you know that? 
>> Reporter: Just one of the search team members and at would probably mean a law enforcement official because they were telling the residents do not search but that was in the woods in that big lake area. 
>> Right. 
>> Reporter: Maybe some of the people walking home from that vigil smelled something, saw something or just suspected something. 
>> I just don't know who it was specifically yet. 
>> I don't have the law works couldn't police officers just go through everybody's house right now on that block and find that bike? 
>> Reporter: No. They would really need a search warrant unless somebody gives them permission. If you weren't involved, you would say, yeah, come in my house and you have permission to search but who knows. If they took somebody into custody here and that person in cooperating or talking or even if they are, they still likely need to get a search warrant so that evidence will be able to be held up in court if it ever gets that far. 
>> At first you think there's a dumpster. Let's go in the house where the dumpster is sitting much it's not that simple. 
>>> You can't jump top that conclusion. Certainly not. 
>> What a crazy -- 
>>> gosh. 
>> Thank you, steve. 
>> Police in montgomery county have called in the fbi to help them with their search again. It's a little girl but a really little girl. 10 month old. 
>> The child grandmother was found dead inside the family's apartment in upper merion. Let's go out to stephanie esposito. What's the latest. 
>> Reporter: It's been about 24 hours since this baby has been seen. She went missing yesterday. Sometime between 8:00 a.M. And 1:00 p.M. 8:00 o'clock hour right! Now. So 24 hours since her father has seen this child, and her grandmother was babysitting at the time. She was visiting from india, and she was found dead inside their apartment. That's when they realized that the baby was nowhere to be found 
>> please, plee, don't do any harm to the kid, please release her immediately, please, inform the police. 
>> Reporter: Guess seive search last night around the apartment of missing 10 month old baby saavni haven't in. Her grandmother was found murdered in the king of prussia apartment where she was babysitting. 

[01:09:14]


>> We were able to determine a 61 year old female was deceased. They also learned that she had been watching her 10 month old granddaughter saavni venna and saavni is now missing from the apartment. 
>> Reporter: This is the little girl with her family. Neighbors say they lived in the marquis apartments on dekalb pike for about four months. That the complex had a history of security issues. 
>> If someone finds my baby, could you please bring my baby back? Don't do any harm to baby. Public, please, please help me with this murder. Thank you. 
>> Reporter: Desperate plea from a desperate father. You are looking at pictures of 10 month old saavni venna. She's 10 months old. She waves 21 pounds. She has brown hair and eyes. She's of asian-indian decent and she has been missing now for 24 hours. If you have any information about this child, the upper merion police are now working with the fbi, the amber alert is still neck and they want to hear from you. Mike and sheinelle. 
>> My goodness. All right. We'll get back to you. 8:10. 
>> Parents, there are so many different ways for bullies to attack their victims. A lot of teens choose the internet, facebook, twitter, but where is the line between their right to free speech and punishable activity? Can a school step in if a child is bullying another child on twitter? What can the school do. We'll bring in attorney amy feldman ???????????? 

[01:13:52]


>> ug. 
>> What is that. 
>>> As much mick jagger as you can muster. Ug. 
>> We got some of the clouds that we've been talking about that are going to be moving in today have already moved in but we're still seeing some sunshine this morning. Let's take a look at ultimate doppler radar. First of all, yeah, we'll start with actually -- no, we're not. Because we're going to take a look at today's high and tonight's low. Yeah, 73 degrees today. 58 degrees tonight. Yesterday we got to 79 degrees and nobody quite made it to 70. 53 is where we are right now. Mid 40s just about everywhere else. 73 degrees will be that high as we said. It will be cloudy at times. But we'll see some sun peeking through. And pretty much the same story for wednesday. Slight chance of a stray shower, seventy three degrees then. So your seven day forecast has temperatures in the 70s all the way through saturday. A seven on a scale of one to 10 today. Seven tomorrow and a nine on thursday. So really some nice, milder than average weather up until sunday. Then we're back down into the mid 60s. This is a little more seasonable for this time in october. We also have the chance of rain on sunday and monday. So there's your seven day forecast from the weather authority. Let's check in with casey and see what's going on with traffic. 
>> It's very busy, sue. We're just learning of an accident involving an overturned vehicle that's I chester, delaware county on chichester avenue at bethel road. We'll keep an eye on that. Now, we'll turn to montgomery drive. That is closed right now between 76 there was an accident there on montgomery drive involveing a police officer who confirmed to be part of mayor nutter's secure root detail that. Accident has montgomery drive closed in both directions between 76 and martin luther king drive. Girard avenue is your alternate there and martin luther king drive is closed at montgomery, kelly drive is that alternate. Now we'll take look at 76. Big delays there. 34 minute if's you're heading eastbound between the blue route and the vine and 30 minutes westbound. Back to you guys. 

[01:15:54]


>> All right. 
>> Not fun if you're running late. 
>> If you are a student and you do something bad while you're at school -- 
>> or you're not in school. 
>> I see you doing some stuff that's bad off campus, can you still be suspended from the school. 
>> That's the case for two brothers much this case is out of missouri but it has wider implications including in our area much here's what happened with these boys. They get suspended after creating a racist and sexist blogarently they were making inappropriate comments about their classmates. But is that freedom of? Can you say something bon a blog about one of your classmates? Are protected by that? 
>>> Let's ask her. It's amy feldman, attorney. 
>> Very big deal because I feel like these days, you know, kids are saying things about other kids on all sorts of mediums when it comes to technology. 
>>> Right. That's always been the question which is how far does freedom of speech go? And war the limits of it when it comes to school? Actually, there have been a lot of decisions on this very issue that are starting to sort of company he will less we have a pretty good picture of what is and what is not acceptable. The first thank you need to know the freedom of speech doesn't end according to the supreme court when a kid enters the yard of the school. In other words, you do have the right to freedom of speech even if you're on school ground. But, that's limited. And where it's limited is where you disrupt the educational mission of the school. Where what you are saying creates such a disruption that it actually gets in the way of the ability to teach, and that's true whether you're on campus or whether you're off campus. So, for example, the fact that these kids posted this blog that was done in tir off campus time doesn't necessarily mean the school can't discipline them. In fact, these kids were kicked out of school for 180 days. Very severe punishment. That's a lot. 
>> What if they hadn't mentioned a specific student at that school? 
>>> Right. Well, actually it's not based on whether or not they're talking about a specific student although these kids did and they were creating -- there were racist posts, there were sexist posts talking about their classmates. Even if they hadn't. The question did they create a disruption? That they knew would hit the school so that the teachers would not actually teach or so it creates a disruption that gets in the way of the learning? And that's the question for the court, is it a first amendment breach. What's really important here mike and sheinelle for all of you listeners whether or not it's first amendment right is different than what we also are talking about very important issue of bullying, because in every school district there has to be an anti bullying policy. If you feel you're being bullied or your student is being bullied , you can call a hline to report it. In philadelphia the number is 215400-saf. Within 24 hours the school district needs to get back to you to talk about what you can do, what they can do to prevent the bullying much that's a very different issue than first amendment because whether or not you could be arrested, whether or not your speech can be curtailed there are punishments that can take place or protections from the child or feels he or she is being bullied 

[01:18:58]


>> I think it's funny. It hit my life personally because I have a friend whose daughter is being bullied and her concern is and she's saying mom, if you say anything I'm neff going to tell you again. I'm never going to talk to you again and the fear if that girl gets disciplined everybody knows she's been tweeting about her it will be traced back. 
>>> Right. 
>> It's such a hard -- 
>>> that's very hard. 
>> For parents to follow. 
>>> Because laws can't always protect kids because while there are protections out there, it really comes to a child who is willing to go and face the consequences which is to face more social ross tra saying. 
>> Easy for me to say. 
>> To be socially ostracized. That doesn't mean schools can't have programs where they teach kids in general that their words hurt and that's really the important lesson here. You really are hurting somebody's heart when you do stuff like that. These are little kids. You need to be sensitive to the fact that just because you can get away with saying something and just because you might not get in trouble doesn't mean you're doing the right thing. And one of the really important parts of bullying curriculum these days is not just so much against the bully but against the bystanders. If you see somebody who you know is being bullied even if it's not your fight -- 
>> report it. 
>>> Report it or go up to the child who is being bullied and say, look, I've got your back. I'm here. 
>> Go to see you, amy. 
>>> Thank you. 8:20. 
>>> A young girl left home alone gets an unexpected visitor. What she did when a burglar broke into her house. 
>> But first we have an important announcement. Starting today "fox 29" wil move to channel nine in some of our viewing areas. Channel nine. The list of locations is on our website at myfoxphilly.Com to give you an example some of the areas affected if you're watching this morning, cherry hill, new castle and reading among others. So for the complete list and map of the affected areas go to myfoxphilly.Com. We don't want to you miss us in the morning. 
>> I just got a tweet. Hey qvc is on my fox station. We're on channel nine. 
>> Channel nine. 
>>> Channel nine "I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message." "I'll protect Social Security and Medicare." C'mon Tom Smith. It's time to shoot straight. Tom Smith is the millionaire Tea Party founder who supports a radical budget... ...that would cut Social Security benefits by nearly 40 percent... ...and end Medicare in two years...even for current recipients. Why? To give big tax breaks to millionaires like himself. Tom Smith. Extremely wrong for Pennsylvania. 8:24. How about this one. A 10 year old girl. She lives in oregon kind of lucky to be alive. She was alone at home during a burglary, but managed to get help. 

[01:24:13]


>> So scary. Well now police have released the dramatic 911 call that this young girl made. Take a listen. 
>> See what happened was two strangers -- 
>> it's coming. 
>> Two strangers broke into the girl's house when she was homesick. She had to stay home from school. Her mom had gone to the grocery store. She heard the doorbell ring and then moments later people were walking inside her h. She made a break for it and called the cops. 
>> Here it is. 
>> Are they on the front porch now? 
>> No, they're in my house. I don't know how they got in. I lock the door. My dog iss are in the house. I'm afraid they're going to get killed. I'm by the tree. They can clearly see me. I'm trying to hide. 
>> Keep trying to hide. You're doing good. Okay? 
>> Oh, my goodness. 
>> Good response for that dispatcher. Police arrived at the scene just as the mom is getting back home in the driveway from the grocery store. What's going on? One person has been arrested and police say they are still looking for at least one other suspect maybe two. 
>> Goodness. Wild. 
>>> Are you using a credit card with rewards? I am. If not, there are some that could be beneficial to you. Don't you want to take a trip or something like that? 
>> I hear people have ones for gas or for disney. 
>>> Yeah. 
>> All sorts of cards out there. 
>>> Some are good. Some are badge let's go through them after the break. Get out your credit cards. 
>> Reporter: I'm joycevans in malvern where playing more tennis is on a lot of peoples's bucket list. What if you're not -- 
>> serena williams has won once again. 
>> Reporter: Or you don't have time for that and your routine workout. 
>> Iove to play tennis. 
>> Reporter: How about combining them? 
>> Cardio tennis. 
>> You got it. 
>> It's a great way to start my day. I get my sixty four over and done with. 
>> Keep it all under control. 
>> Reporter: What a ???????????? 

[01:29:19]


>> hey, welcome back everybody.. Coming up on 8:30. 
>>> Casey, do you have a cold? Did you get a cold in the bahamas? 
>> Guilty. I did. 
>>> You still sound good. Yeah. You feel okay. 
>> Like for a duck or something. 
>> No. 
>> Like I thought I was going to get a duck behind me or something. 
>>> Quack. 
>> Donald dac. 
>>> Aflac, quack. 
>> How do you get a cold in the bahamas. 
>>> I got on the plane, turned my vent off. Overdosed on vitamin c. 
>> Casey mcdonald duck. 
>> I knew it. 
>> Here's sue. 
>> And that's why you tune in to good day. 
>> Oh, yeah. 
>>> We've got mix of sun and clouds out there this morning. But the temperatures are still much milder than normal so we'll go today with a seven on a scale of one to 10. Yesterday did deserve that 10. It was just fabulous with that high of 69 degrees. We'll be above that actually today. Right now bus stop buddy is ready for the day with a sweatshirt just to keep warm while he's waiting for the bus. Item epps in the 40s in some of our suburbs. 50s in the city. Not quite as chilly as yesterday. And look at this high temperature. 73 degrees. Most of our sun in the morning. Some clouds taking over later. Slight chance of a shower but not everybody will get one. Tonight we're down to 58 degrees and that's your weath authority fox cast. Time is 8:30. Casey? 
>> Sue, I'm working on getting more details for an overturned vehicle accident in boothwyn, delaware county on chichester avenue at bethel road. Be on the look out for that but I will have more details for you guys next time around. Now we're getting to this accident on montgomery drive that was involving a police officer. We have confirmed that that was part of mayor nutter's security detail. The accident is on montgomery drive and it's closed in both directions between 76 and martin luther king drive. Girard avenue is your alternate. Martin luther king is also closed at montgomery and kelly drive is your alternate there. Now, we'll look at 76 where we're seeing about 13 extra minutes if -- excuse me, 36 minutes if you're heading eastbound between the blue route and the vine and the other direction about 31 minutes. So about five less minutes if you're heading westbound right now. Back to you guys. 

[01:31:22]


>> Quack, quack. 
>> You -- mike. 8:31. 
>> Not nice. 
>> Casey mcdonald. 
>> Getting a credit card with rewards sounds like a good idea. It seems like now the economy is picking up we're getting more offers now. I used to rip them up. I didn't even look. How do you know if there's one that perhaps you should actually open. Maybe you're getting the right one? 
>> Should we be looking for? 
>> Our financial expert dan rah cat tow. 
>> Good morning. 
>> Do you have credit cards that have rewards on it. 
>>> I do. 
>> Is worth it, isn't it. 
>>> If youthe right card. There are plenty of good ones out there unfortunately there's plenty of turkeys as well you want to stay away from. We'll help you cut through the credit card clutter on your kitchen table. 
>> The american express blue cash every day. I always thought the amex you got to have money or an amex. That's not actually true, sheinelle. We can put one in your coach purse today. Here's what we're goinged to. The american express blue card i picked that one as the best sort of all around card. Why? It gives you 1% cash back on everything and up to 5% cash back on certain categories. No annual fee. American express is a great companied to business with. Yes, you need a pretty good credit store get it but it is probably the best all around card. 
>> I always like that card because they demanded that you pay it. 
>> That's another thing. Is that still the way it is. 
>>> It revolves so you can carry a balance even though you shouldn't and I know no one here today does. 
>> No. 
>>> Certainly not. 
>> I didn't know that. I thought the amex blue cash every day you had oh pay off. Capital one venture you like that. 
>>> If you think you're the next magellan want to travel the world and get all the airline points stay away from the airline goes go for instead the capital e venture card. You get 1.25 miles for every dollar you spend. No expiration on your miles. You can use them on any airline and sheinelle no blackout periods. 
>> That sounds too good to be true. 
>>> No annual fee. It's the best travel card out there in my opinion. 
>> Do you know how high the interest rate is on capital one. 

[01:33:23]


>>> Depends on your credit rating. 
>> We should say that again. So many people travel and it's expensive these days to go see your family. 
>>> I always think, I'm standing there at american airlines don't you want an american airlines card? 
>>> Not necessarily, mike. If you travel american airlines every single time you fly it may be worth it for you to get that american airlines yard or the delta sky miles or something like that. If you don't, if you travel a variety of airlines stay away from the airline card. By the way you're probably paying an annual fee for your airline card. Delta sky miles knife bucks a year. 
>> Really? Another one the discover student more. 
>>> For you students out there if you're awake and I doubt this many of you. 
>> You'd be surprised. 
>>> They're still up. We reported not too long the best card for students I think is the discover student more card. 
>> Why? 
>>> No annual fee. Cash back on every purchase and you get it with as little as $500 credit limit to get you started for that student who's not yet ready to deal with a big credit line. 
>> We'll breeze through the worse really quickly. Is it worth it to close another credit card account to get one of these new ones. 
>>> Absolutely. 
>> Really f you're not using a card, close that card. Don't want that credit line open on your credit report. Youly den want to apply for lots of different cards every time you apply, they're taking a few points off your credit report. Your credit score, okay? Stay away from cards like the airline cards, hotel cards, again, unless you use them -- 
>> visa black? 
>>> Again, unless you're staying at marriott every single time or one of their properties, probably not worth it. 
>> Use a more generic card. Get the cash back. Don't ever fall for these free teddy bear get the card thing. Buy your own teddy bare. 
>> Good stuff. 
>> Dan, how long have you been at your current job? 26 years and I'm only 19 years old. 
>> I can tell. You've made a horrible mistake with your career. I hate to break it to you that way. There's a new survey that says you should change jobs every four years. 
>> Four years? 
>> Oh, yeah. Even though we haven't changed this video in 10 years. 
(Laughter). 
>> You should change jobs. We'll explain that after the break of the maybe it's time to cut your business loose. 

[01:35:28]


>> Oh, no. ???????????? from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. ???????????? 

[01:38:48]


>> you know why I like the city. 
>> Because I work here. 
>> I had this theory that I'd like to change jobs, every tv stations every two years. 
>> Every two years. 
>>> I would try to get a contract that lasted about two years. 
>> Your time is about up. 
>>> Stay motivated. 
>> Sure. 
>>> And so now we've been looking at this new survey. Experts say you may stay on your job too long. Out stay your welcome. 
>> What? 
>>> I don't even know if that's a phrase, is it. 
>> Let's bring in karen hepp. We're supposed to change jobs more often? 
>>> Especially in todays' world. People are doing it more often for a whole number of reasons. The magic number may be about three years. That's normally tv contracts a lot of them are three years. So to make money and to move up and three to four years is about right the experts say. Here's why. Change jobs to stay motivated. You get stale, you get board. You get too comfortable. You may not develop new skills. Secondly, changing jobs help to you keep up to date with the technology. Maybe where you are they're not updating everything but the competitors are. You don't want to become, you know, a dinosaur in your industry by staying there for too long. The third -- it's really just about perception. They're never going to give you -- incremental bums. Not a huge salary unless you take new job or new position. A lot of times you have to go to a new company. The hiring manager could be put off by a job candidate if you've been there for too long. 12 years you don't have any ambition. What are you doing? I don't have to pay you that much more money. 
>> You're still here? 
>> You're still around? You'll never leave. Change is good for career advancement because you want to keep moving forward. But the decision is -- it's really a personal one. A lot of people love their jobs and they're no right or wrong answer. You're not a bad person if you stay where you are and you love your co-workers and you're doing well and he don't want to change too often, maybe like one year because you kind of look unreliable. Flaky. Why you changing all the time. 
>> Loose cannon. 
>>> Exactly remember back in the old jobs people kept their jobs for 40 years. Cried debt the grave kind of stuff. 

[01:40:54]


>> My relatives for worked for a place 40, 50 years. They get a watch from the company at retirement. 
>>> I dad worked for beach aircraft in wichita kansas. As the kids we got to fly around the city in a plane when he retire. 
>> As the retirement. 
>>> That was kind of cool. 
>> It's true. 
>> Kick in the butt. Here's a lot of viewers weighed in on this one. Here's one from mario gallo says I've been with any current company for 25 years changed positions about every five to seven years. So that's a good way to do it. Moving up where he is. Kathy, she says, person should leave a job they resent or unhappy with obviously. Loving whayou do is a success. 
>> I think that's true. You mentioned it earlier. If you're happy and you've been at a place for 25 years and if it's not broke don't fix it as they say. If you think, you know what, getting a little itch to move forward, go ahead and try. 
>> I think some of the numbers today they're saying people changed careers, not just jobs. 
>> Six times in a lifetime. 
>>> You got glut six times? Jobs or careers? 
>>> Careers. 
>> I was a gynecologist three years ago. 
(Laughter). 
>> And they ousted you from the whole -- 
>>> the whole thing. Betsy let's get her comment in here. In today's economy I would stay as long as I can and diane says, I work as a contractor and changeed locations every 13 week. I get bored very easily at one place. 
>> Probably easier to look when you have a job as opposed to quitting and trying to find one. 
>> Manicurist five years ago as a manicurist. I've been through six careers. Yeah. 
>> No comment. 8:42. Many women are getting this gel manicure. I used to give them about five years ago but then I was -- there was a warning that came out because the uv ray exposure. 
>> You didn't want to mess up your hands. 
>>> No. During the drying process, right? So now there's some do it yourselves kits that are better than going to the nail salon. I wish I would have thought of this. 
>> Don't we have colleagues that use the kit? Somebody told me. 
>> Casey. 
>> Her nails look fantastic. 
>> They do. 
>> Good morng to our facebook fan gina. You too could be one of our facebook fans. Click on the facebook icon. Like us. 

[01:42:59]


>> Who is gina If you care about this election. If you have an opinion. If you want a voice. If you want a voice. If you want to make a difference. Then show it. Show it. Show it. 
(announcer) When voting in Pennsylvania this Election Day, November 6th, you will be asked but not required to show a photo ID. To learn more about how to get a photo ID for future elections, and the voter ID law, call 1-877 VotesPA or visit votesPA.com. not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[01:45:14]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. ???????????? 
>> 8:46. We had an 8:00 o'clock update on tropical storm sandy. Hasn't really gained anything in strength. Still 45-mile an hour winds. Still bearing down on jamaica and we think tropical depression 19 will be a tropical storm by the end of the day and that name next on the list will be tony. So we'll probably have tony and sandy churning in the atlantic by the end of the day. Now, the latest track on sandy does have it stren category one hurricane this is new just before it hits cuba and then goes right over the bahamas and then goes parallel to the united states and since we know how much you love the spaghetti models, we'll show that you actually next time. But in the meantime, we do have for you a look at today's weather. It's going to be probably as you walk out the door in the 50s most of our temperatures are getting there and in the 40s in some of our suburbs. We end up with a high of 73 degrees today which is so unusual for -- for october 23 are. Unusual in a good way. 74 tomorrow and the mild weather continues thursday and friday looks like we'll have excellent weather days. Got a lot of cloud cover the next couple of days but still mild temperatures. And the mildness lasts through saturday, sunday that's when we expect some rain and cooler temperatures that last into monday. There's your seven day forecast. The weather authority. Let's go to traffic with casey. 
>> Lots to report over here. Boothwyn, delaware county, that's where we're starting. There's an accident there involving an overturned vehicle. That is closing chichester avenue between boothwyn -- bethel road and new bethel road. That will be closed for an extended period of time. Naamans creek road will be a good alternate for through. We'll check on that accident on montgomery drive. That's closing it between 76 and martin luther kingrive. We have some taped footage of that accident for you guys right now. The officer involved in that accident was confirm as part of mayor nutter's security detail. Again that's closed in both directions between 76 and martin luther king drive. Girard avenue will get you around there. March luther king is closed at montgomery drive. Kelly drive is a good alternate for you guys there. 

[01:47:54]


>>> We'll take a quick look at all of your major delays right now. So you're looking at normal volume on all of your majors. Jen, what you got going on? 
>> We're in broomall and we're talking a little bit about this new sudden cardiac arrest bill. It will seriously impact high school athletes like my new friend kara. We'll talk to her about her experience with sports. Why she has the crutches and what she thinks about this new bill when we come right back ] donuts! Who are these guys? Oh, that's just my Buds. Bacon, donuts. 
-My Taste Buds. -[ Taste Buds ] Waffles. How about we try this new kind of Fiber One Cereal? You think you're going to slip some fiber by us? Rookie. Okay. ?????? Nutty clusters and almonds, ?????? ?????? almonds. ?????? ?????? Fiber One is gonna make you smile. ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] Introducing new Fiber One Nutty Clusters and Almonds. With 43% daily value of fiber for you. Crunchy nutty clusters and real almond slices for your taste buds. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 

[01:51:01]


[ Male Announcer ] COMBINE THE PNC CASHBUILDER Visa credit card with a qualifying pnc performance select checking account and earn 75% more than cards earning 1% cash back on almost everything. Beep-bop-boop-bop boop-beep. 
[Monotone] She says, "Switch to Progressive and you could save hundreds." Call or click today. 
>> That building at eighth and market. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Sure. 
>> Giving you an update. None of the buildings have moved overnight. 
>> I'm looking at -- it's 8:00 o'clock. 8:50 and I thought, I haven't talked to our facebook folks today. 
>>> Get it on. 
>> I just logged on if you're at home multi task like the rest of us. 
>>> Yeah. 
>> And have a conversation on facebook. 
>>> Ladies and gentlemen, do you have children in your house who play high school or middle school sports. 
>> A lot of do you. That is for sure. 
>>> In pennsylvania jen give us an update on the law. 
>> Reporter: So basically it's the sudden cardiac arrest law and it impacts people like kara. She placeoccer at shipley. First of all congratulations. 
>>> Thank you. 
>> Good morning. You're on crutches because you have a knee boo boo. It has nothing to do with this law we're talking about. 
>>> Yeah. 
>> We have dad, dr. Bomb see. One of the things we've been talking about all morning this law is great. It basically means if you have some symptoms that could be related to sudden cardiac arrest you have to be check out by a doctor potentially a cardiologist. But you've seen some bumps in the road because of what you're dealing with day to day with these athletes, right. 
>>> Yes, sometimes it's tough because the symptoms are vague and non specific and many kids can have them. The laws also states if they occur before exercise you should be screened which is usually not the case. So it gets very difficult for the coaches and the trainers to actually decide should they sit this child out. Do they need to see their doctor. When they can return and if they need to see a cardiologist which can delay for awhile a child's participation being able to get back on to the field g so one of the things we were talking about, kara, when you were a freshman at shipley you're a junior now. 

[01:53:15]


>>> Yeah. 
>> You were pretty excited you made the varsity team, right. 
>>> It was huge for me. 
>> We have pictures of you playing there. Right before the championship, though, you hit your head on a goal post. 
>>> Yes. 
>> Were you in the middle of trying to kick a goal? 
>>> It was a corner kick for the opposing team and I was marking one of the posts f it was cross I would be able to head it out which I did. I saved a goal. But then I hit my head on the goal post and passed out, and -- 
>> okay. And the concussion bill is very closely related to this. One of things we talked about earlier with dr. Bomze is, he an lot of people predict kids might be reluctant to say they have one of these symptoms because you can miss part of your season. 
>>> Yeah. 
>> You know about this specifically. You were at first reluctant to say that -- 
>>> yeah. I den want to say that I had these headaches for like awhile because then I knew I wouldn't be able to get to play which i ended up not getting to play which was really hard for me. 
>> When you look at some of these symptoms you've experienced a lot of these symptoms so you wonder if kids are going to report them, right? 
>>> Yeah. I've had a lot of these symptoms, and I doubt a lot of serious soccer players or any athletes would go and report problems like these. 
>> But it could save your life. Tell your buddies to do what you did and do the right thing. 
>>> Yup. 
>> Ultimately she did the right thing, right, dad? 
>>> Yes. 
>> We've been talking about this bill. You like the bill. You think once everything gets kind of shane out a little bit it will probably be great for most athletes? 
>>> Absolutely. And for a parent it's a concern national tv events study be cardiac arrest. When off child athlete you have that in your back of mind. Yes, it is a good thing and may be difficult to implement but probably as time goes by things will iron out. 
>> Your daughter is beautiful. 
>>> Thank you. 
>> And pretty talented on the soccer field. And if you got into shipley you're smart, too. Congratulations. 
>>> Thank you. 
>> And keep having fun. Guys, we're just kind of talking about it because some school district like marple newtown they've started to do it. At shipley, they're just beginning to hear about it and implement it so this is going to be something that's going to be on everyone's radar for awhile. 

[01:55:21]


>>> Yeah. 
>> How come they have mickey mouse posters up. 
>>> Because it's a pediatrician's office. 
>> I got you. 
>> They color it and put their picture up. That's kind of cool. 
>> Gives it an inviting feel. 
>>> Thank you, jen, for that update. 
>> Kara didn't get to do one of these, though. 
>>> Okay. Your buzzing about it this morning on facebook for sure. 
>> Are you itching. 
>>> Fleas. I've been laying around in leafs all afternoon. There's a school district -- we're not going to have halloween at school this year. Do it at home in your neighbor. What is the ???????????? 

[01:59:07]


>> coming up on 9:00 o'clock on this tuesday morning. I got people on twitter today upset because I can't find the show because -- they cat find the show. 
>> What do you mean you can't find the show. 
>> Some cable companies have just moved us. 
>> Moved you over to channel nine. 
>> We're channel nine. 
>>> Like in cherry hill, we moved, right. 
>> Cherry hill. Some other places, too. If you go to myfoxphilly.Com we have a list of all the cities affected. If you turn on and you see qvs, you couldn't hear mow right now. 
>>> Certainly not. 
>> Good morng, karen. 
>>> Tv stations without any notice. 
>> It happens. It is frustrating. 
>> In this market no one can find shows for year. 
>> Channel three and 10 switched and nobody -- my grandmother couldn't -- five years later they're still -- 
>> I was on maternity leave i woke up to watch you guys and you weren't there. Comcast hi def in the 800s now or something like that. 800? 

﻿Title: Hannity
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

What appeared an angry president obama who as the one that came a across as the desperate presidential hopeful d governor romney sounded like the seasoned professional. Our president lied and did petty attacks and it was far from honest about the serious consequences of his failed foreign policy. So tonight while the mainstream media is busy trying to prop up their candidate we're going fact check president obama and hold him accountable like nobody else can. Let's begin with a comment that the president made about iraq. Obama denied that he ever supported what is known as a status of forces agreement. That is an agreement that would have left thousands of u.S. Troops inside iraq. Look at this. 
>> You and I agree there should have been a status of forces agreement. You didn't want it. 
>> Sean: He did try to negotiate a status of forces agreement. "New york times" is calling him on it. Ultimately he never managed an agreement to allow troops in iraq. His background as a community organizer did not prepare him for the role as commander in chief. Fact check number two. Here is president talking about israel. 
>> We have created the strongest military and intelligence cooperation between our two countries in history. 
>> Sean: Wrong again, not only as he refused to sit down with benjamin netanyahu on a number occasions. He never taken time to visit israel one time during his presidency. Then the issue of sequester defense cuts that will gut the pentagon and our military in 2013 if, in fact the president has his way. 
>> First of all the sequester is not something I proposed. Congress proposed. It will not happen. 

[00:02:04]


>> They call it the biggest gaffe or deliberate evasion of the evening because in reality th president is the one that devised the sequester plan. When he wasn't lying about that he was lying about governor romney's. 
>> When it comes to going after osama bin laden sydney president would that I can that call, about bu when you were a candidate in 2008, I said if i got him in our sights I would take that shot. You should we should move heaven and earth to get one man? 
>> Sean: Another inaccurate statement. Romney said taking unilateral action in pakistan is an option. He merely criticized our weak president about talking about the possibility publicly. It goes on and on including the president's claim that he never went on a worldwide apology tour. We're going remind the president what he said about america back in 2009. We'll get reaction from david limbaugh and many others, but to help us get the record straight, rudy guliani, welcome back, sir. It is amazing even on the israeli question to me, because the prime minister of israel wanted to meet with him. His answer if I meet with him i got to meet with ten. He had plenty of time for the view, beyonce and john security and meanwhile, middle east and africa is in flames because of leadership. That took a lot of audacity? 
>> It sure did. The relationship with israel is a strange one. The president's approval rating in israel is 12%. It's remarkably low. The people of israel don't trust him. The reality he has gone out of his way to insult the people of israel including traveling over the middle east but not to israel. Never going there as president, embarrassing the first few times netanyahu he keeps him waiting. Even if they don't get along you pretend that you do to have more face to face discussion. He seems more comfortable medevev that he will give him concessions after the election. 

[00:04:46]


>> Sean: We'll get to that later. I saw the president last night. One of the things I learned as commander in chief, more community organizer, you have learned a lot. I thought back this is the guy that said the following about iran when he was running in 2008. Listen to this. 
>> I mean think about it. Iran, cub, venezuela, these countries are tiny compared to the soviet union. They don't pose a serious threat to us the way the soviet union posed a threat to us. We were willing to talk to the soviet union when they said we are going wipe you off the planet. IN IRAN, THEY SPEND 1/100th OF What we spend on the military. If iran tried to pose a threat to us, they wouldn't stand a chance. 
>> Sean: Iran, not a threat. And on a verge of nuclear weapon because he couldn't stop them. 
>> He completely discounts the fact that iran has been at the core of half of the terrorist activity going on in the world. Even he said last night iran is the biggest state sponsor of trim. He is the one that, written the ayatollah letters and the leak to the "new york times" was that thet I can that iran was going to have talks to with us. First people to deny it is government of iran. They don't want to talk to him. It's pathetic to talk to iran and they don't want to talk to him. 
>> One of the biggest problems with this white house has been from the beginning. Their ban on the use of the term war on terror. When the president went on his apology tour which we'll deal with next, contingency operation two weeks out of benghazi he didn't know this was terror attack. This is what he said 'about fort hood. Watch this. 

[00:06:52]


>> He got up, stepped in front of me as I was getting the soldiers in, he yelled allah akbar and started shooting. 
>> I could see soldiers running in all different directions. 
>> Fst round of bullets, one hit me in the chest. I had to go down to the ground and get cover. I couldn't breathe because I was shot. 
>> That is terrorism. 
>> Allah akbar as the guy has radical ties -- why is there this resistance, benghazi, war on terror, why can't this president recognize that these islamic extremists want to kill us? Is what the problem with this? 
>> I don't know if we can figure out what the problem is, but the consequences is things that happened in libya. A president that had an appreciation with this war against terrorists would have given that consulate more protection. That was attacked twice before september 2012. He may not think we're not at war with them, but they are at war with us. He doesn't recognize that. Then we have tragic consequences like his failure with security to the consulate. When the british pulled out right next-door. 
>> Sean: This is more of a fun question. I'll play you a tape of president obama reading his teleprompter. Give me an opinion whether he actually knows, what words they, if he actually knows what it is. Watch this. 
>> Representative of the extraordinary work that our men and women do all around the world. Navy corpsman. He responded. Men and women, like corpsman. 

[00:08:57]


>> This is serious question. Does he know, did he know what a corpsman was or does he read -- what do you think. I don't think he knew the difference. 
>> I thought that was joe biden for a second. He has to go into the marines, they don't use bayonets anymore. The weapon of choice for the united states marines when they can't fire their gun is the bayonet. They are trained with bayonets. More commander in chief. You didn't get that in the security briefing you missed. 
>> Sean: I would like to thank all the navy corpsman. He managers read it four times in one speech. 
>> Good to see you. 
>> Remember the apology tour. We will revisit it. In 2009 he stood in cairo and claimed that he would end the use of torture. He would close gitmo and declared america has not lived up to ace values. Davidimbaugh. And putting lipstick on a pig as we look at new pamphlet they say is the final 14 days of this campaign that will outline their second term agenda. Nice to do that after the debates. Dana and stuart are coming up. few to a currency market for everyone. The potential of FXCM unlocked. NYSE Euronext. Unlocking the world's potential. communities businesses. The potential of Yelp unlocked. NYSE Euronext. Unlocking the world's potential. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low 0rice tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. Bob... Oh, hey alex. Just picking up some, brochures, posters copies of my acceptance speech. Great! It's always good to have a backup plan, in case I get hit by a meteor. Wow, your hair looks great. Didn't realize they did photoshop here. Hey, good call on those mugs. Can't let 'em see what you're drinking. You know, I'm glad we're both running a nice, clean race. No need to get nasty. Here's your "honk if you had an affair with taylor" yard sign. Looks good. 

[00:12:33]


[ Male Announcer ] FEDEX OFFICE. Now save 50% on banners. >>. 
>>> Nothing governor romney said is true starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been the biggest whopper that has been told during this campaign. Every fact checker has looked at it. Governor has said this is not true. 
>> Sea THAT IS NOT TRUE. There was president obama trying to defend himself last night. Back in 2009 he did in fact go on an apology tour all around the world. Governor romney didn't let him get away with the cheap shot answer. 

[00:14:46]


>> More president the reason i call it an apology tour, you went to the middle east. You flew to egypt, to saudi arabia, to turkey and iraq, by the way you skipped israel our closest friend in the region but you went to the other nations. By the way, they noticed you skipped israel. In those nations, on arabic tv that america had been dismissive and derisive that america had dictated to other nations. America has not dictated to other nations, we have freed other nations from dictatorships. 
>> We have the tape to prove the president. 
>> America like every other nation has made mistakes and has its flaws. In america there is a failure to appreciate european's leading role in the world. Instead of seeking your union and partner you with common challenges, there have been times when america showed arrogance and been dismissive. Even derisive. 9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country. The fear and anger that provoked was understandable but in some cases it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideas. We are taking concrete action to change course. I have unequivocally the use of torture by the united states and I ordereded guantanamo to be closed by early next year. 
>> The united states has done much to promote peace and prosperity in the hemisphere we have at times have been disen gaged. 
>> Sean: He also said we were not on christian nation. There is the tape. There is new trouble by the way for the obama white house when it comes to the terrorist attack in benghazi. Fox news has exclusively obtained internal e-mails to prove the department was aware almost immediately that al-qaeda linked group claimed responsibility for the terror attack. Joining me now is gephardt campaign manager, steven murphy and david limbaugh. What he talks about america has shown arrogance and been dismissive and derisive. We have not lived up to our deals and led us to act contrary to our traditions and ideals. I will end torture, three people gotten enhanced interrogation. We had mistakes -- why doesn't he talk about america's greatness? 

[00:17:40]


>> I was glad that mitt hit him on both things. He never tked proudly about america. He doesn't believe in american exceptionalism. He doesn't believe in america as founded. He told a group of military personnel at the white house cookout that america was founded by people of white men of privilege and wealth. He goes around to the foreign nations and criticizes -- for example he told an arabic network that america dictates without knowing all the factors involved. I have to look at the g-20 that america needs to account for inadequacy. United states needs to accept responsibility for the economic crisis even if he wasn't president at the time. He told the french that america failed to appreciate europe's leading role in the world. Into trinidad we were disengaged and in prague he said america has a moral responsibility to act because n arms control because we were the only nation to set off a nuclear weapon. Hed the to go to japan but the vice president dismissed him. He sent a guy to apologize for hiroshima. 
>> Why did he go to the muslim world and skip over our closest ally and choose the view over the meeting with bebe, why doesn't he go to the muslim world and say we have sacrificed in many places around the world, in afghanistan where women are free to go to work and school. Why didn't he talk about america's greatest beating fascism and beating communism and leading the world in defeating terrorism? 

[00:19:50]


>> You weren't listening to him last night when he said we're defeating al-qaeda. They are still out there. They are going to keep popping up. You didn't listen to him at all. 
[ Talking over each other ] 
>> I'm not talking about benghazi. I'm talking about the war on terrorism. He had. 
[ Talking er each other ] 
>> its man caused disaster. 
>> You asked me a question, do i get to answer or do you want to go on personal jihad here. I'm trying to answer your question. Barack obama talked last night extensively about the way he has -- I got. 
>> David, it is. 
>> Let me answer the question. 
>> Excuse me. 
>> I am answering the question. Last night. 
>> Hang on a second, steve. 
>> You played two or three minutes of video there was never one word of I apologize. 
>> That is dishonest. Don't tell me, you liberals say he didn't just a few. Why are we so up in arms about it. He said the same thing. Saying america is dismissive. 
>> David, sean, I don't get to answer the question at all before you interrupted me. 
>> I'll stop. Let me answer the question, are you. He went to egypt and gave a speech. Now where are we, three and a half years later. The entire north africa has experienced this arab spring, tunisia, sean, you were totally opposed -- >>et me say this. 
>> Sean: Hang on steve. 
>> Sean: When he says we are arrogant and guilty of torture, when he says we are forcing our values and been dismissive and uses all these terms, isn't he apologizing for american exceptionalism and leadership -- 

[00:22:03]


>> by the way. 
[ Talking over each other ] 
>> arab spring when he replaced pro western dictators with anti-western dictators. We got total chaos over there. 
>> He didn't replace anybody. 
>> It was the worst thing to happen in benghaz 
>> just say it. 
>> Sean: We got to go. 
>> Do you think mubarak should still be in charge, right? 
>> This president embarrassed this country with these apologies, no clue about how america has stood up for greatness and the cause of liberty. 
>> Not once --. 
>> Sean: I keep saying this, president has no idea how to fix this and latest pamphlet is nothing but failed and repackaged ideas. We'll show you this recycled ideas. Dana and stuart are here to respond. More straight ahead. ] physics... A body at rest tends to stay at rest... While a body in motion tends to stay in motion. Staying active can actually ease arthritis sympto. But if you have arthritis, staying active can be difficult. Prescription celebrex can help relieve arthritis pain so your body can stay in motion. Because just one 200mg celebrex a day can provide 24 hour relief for many with arthritis pain and inflammation. Plus, in clinical studies, celebrex is proven to improve daily physical function so moving is easier. Celebrex can be taken with or without food. And it's not a narcotic. You and your doctor should balance the benets with theisks. All prescription nsaids, like celebrex, ibuprofen, naproxen, and meloxicam have the same cardiovascular warning. They all may increase the chance of heart attack or stroke, which can lead to death. This chance increases if you have heart disease risk factors suh as high blood pressure or when nsaids are taken for long periods. Nsaids, including celebrex, increase the chance of serious skin or allergic reactions or stomach a intestine problems, such as bleeding and cers, which can occur without warning and may cause death. Patients also taking aspirin and the eldey are at incrsed risk for stoch bleeding and ulcers. Do not take celebrex if you've had an asthma attack, hives, or other allergies to aspirin, nsaids or sulfonamides. Get help rightway if you have swelng of the face or throat, or trouble breathing. Tell your doctor your medical history and find an arthritis treatment for you. Visit celebrex.Com and ask your doctor about celebrex. For a body in motion. >>. 

[00:26:48]


>> Sean: With only two weeks to convince you the voters that obama deserves another four years as president he is desperately trying to save his political future. Now today the campaign released a blueprint attempting to detail in the final 14 days his proposal for a second term. Reality is it is full of repackaged, failed ideas including, woe, taxing the rich and spending more of what we don't have and cannot afford. It's 20-page brochure and proves once again he has no vision of getting america going again. Here is dana perino from the fox business network and stuart varney. Hello. We enjoy it. 
>> I'm going to say the brochure will not work. 
>> Sean: So, I don't think the bar is going to move any which way. I think the momentum still moves to romney? 
>> Right. I think he did fine in the debate and that is all he needed to do. 
>> Sean: You were almost giddy about last night's debate? 
>> I was shocked to see the president of united states, so sarcastic, glaring at his challenger, arrogant. There was a glare, he was arrogant. I think he failed totally. In that sense of image he completely lost and romney clearly won. I would like to see him as president of united states. 
>> Sean: It's interesting because this clearly was a strategy that president obama was going in, trying to create an impssion that romney is a loose cannon but it didn't work. 
>> Obama wanted to show romney was very aggressive, a warmonger you don't want to go back to those days. Romney was mature, confident and president al. You look across the board. Mainstream media he passed the 

[00:30:24]


>>> been challenging him and apology tour and all the rest. 
>> There was one other great line that stuck out to me. I think romney summed up the campaign in six words. He said attacking me is not an agenda. That was like, you know people watching at home and you start to see the trends of an independent voter you think, what can you deal with the nex four years. 
>> There is a tubing show host in me that would like to see couple of this. If romney could have couple of props, before the saudi king that would have been an interesting moment. That is hugo chavez. But he took an anti-american book and sat through a 50 minute diatribe daniel ortega and then bowing befo the saudi king, as well. 
>> Did he want to see romney go after him. 
>> Sean: I would like to have stuck that in his face a little more. 
>> Do you want the attack dog a little more. 
>> I find this president's foreign policy embarrassing. 
>> It the final debate. Viewers walk away with the debate of visual image of who they want in the white house the next four years. 
>> Sean: Who is more presidential. Corpsman has been an embarrassment. 
>>> So american part of view, one of the things they would say you know what, actually that was a smart strategy. Imagine romney had gone after president obama, take libya for example. Regardless, no matter what would have happened in the morning and for the next 14 days you would have seen headlines about the libya problem now becoming romney's problem. I think cooler heads prevailed on the romney side. It made me one want to trust his instincts as a leader. 

[00:32:38]


>> Sean: Don't american people deserve an answer. 
>> All these debates after a couple days have gone by, it is image rather than content and policy specific that makes all the difference. 
>> Sean: Good to see you both. Appreciate it. Coming up next, desperation is setting in on the left. Chris matthews, once again goes off the deep end and he pul the race card out this time. We're going to tell you more thrill up his leg had to say. Much more straight ahead. ] america's recipes? Just begin with america's favorite soups. Bring out chicken broccoli alfredo. Or best-ever meatloaf. Go to campbellskitchen.Com for recipes, plus a valuable coupon. Campbell's. It's amazing what soup can do. ] health role throughout our lives. One a day men's 50+ is a complete multi-vitamin designed for men's health concerns as we age. It has more of 7 antioxidants to support cell health. One a day men's 50+. Card One, Olaf's pizza palace gets the most rewards of any small business crit card! Pizza!!!!! 
[ Garth ] OLAF'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS 2% Cash back on every purchase, everday! Helium delivery. PUT IT ON MY Spark CARD! 
[ pop! ] 
[ Garth ] WHY SETTLE FOR LESS? Great businesses deserve the most rewards! Awesome!!! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark Business Card FROM Capitalne. Choose unlimited rewards with 2% cash back or double miles on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? development risk, but proven technologies allow natural gas producers to supply affordable, cleaner energy, while protecting our environment. Across america, these technologies protect air - by monitoring air quality and reducing emissions... ...Protect water - through conservation and self-contained recycling systems... ... And protect land - by reducing our footprint and respecting wildlife. America's natural gas... Domestic, abundant, clean energy to power our lives... That's smarter power today. copd... I took my son fishing every year. We had a great spot, not easy to find, but worth it. But with copd making it hard to breathe, I thought those days might be over. So my doctor prescribed symbicort. It helps significantly improve my lung function starting within five minutes. Symbicort doesn't replace a rescue inhaler for sudden symptoms. With symbicort, today I'm breathing better. And that means...Fish on! Symbicort is for copd including chronic bnchitis and emphysema. It should not be taken more than twice a day. Symbirt may increase your risk of lung infections, osteoporosis, d some eye problems. Tell your doctor if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure before taking it. With copd, I thought I'd miss our family tradition. Now symbicort significantly improves my lung function, starting within 5 minutes. And that makes a difference in my breathing. Today, we're ready for whatever swims our way. Ask your doctor about symbicort. I got my first prescription free. Or click to learn more. 

[00:36:37]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU CAN'T AFFORD YOUR Medication, astrazeneca may be able to help. >>. 
>> Sean: Governoritt romney's showing at the debates, when their backs are against the wall they play the race card. This is chris thrill up my leg matthews is due to quote racial hatred of president obama. Oh, real? 
>> I think they hated obama. Number one enemy in the world is hatred for obama. We could go into that about white wking class on the south and about racial hatred in many cases. This isn't about being a better president. They want to get rid of this president. 
>> Sean: Joining me with reaction. Former candidate, herman cain. More 999. How are you doing? 
>> Fine, happy to be here. 
>> Sean: Hated obama, they wanted him out of the white house more than they want to destroy al-qaeda. 17 million more americans are food stamps. He didn't cut the deficit. We have six trillion new obama debt. 49 million americans in total on food stamps. That is called a failure of obama. He said if he didn't turn it around, one-term proposition. 

[00:38:47]


>> Let me give a couple more stats. The drop in median family income for black family was 11% in the last four years which is twice the rate for an average white middle income family. Secondly, unemployment rate amongst black people is twice what the so-called national rate is. Chris matthews who wanted to play the race card, chris matthews with all due respect, you are a pathetic excuse to call yourself a journalist. You are supposed to give people with the facts and give them information, not name call and ignore the fact and then try to shift the subject off a failed economic policy and failed foreign policy. That is what they are doing. 
>> Sean: This came up in 2008. It was america ready to elect first african-american president. Overwhelmingly the country, i would argue ignored a lot of obama's past and elected barack obama. They gave him a chance. He didn't fulfill his promises. If america doesn't re-elect him, america is racist? 
>> That is con kloogs they are bringing but because they are desperate. They don't have anything positive economically to run on. The foreign policy is also failed. As governor romney said last night a strong america means a strong economy and a strong military. They are only playing the race card because of desperation. 
>> Sean: Everything has been so petty. This has been meanest nasty campaign. The war on women. Let's stick with nbc news and ever so brilliant host, fast eddie, whatever his name is. 
>> I'm getting more burned up the more I think about this. All right. Now this is the locker room today. If this is too much for you, don't listen to the radio show, I'm warning you. Women, are you awake? Do you know what this radical outfit wants to do to your rights in the workplace? Do you want them managing your vagina? Do you want them rolling back women's rights 50 years? I don't know. There is so many questions we have to ask today. 

[00:41:18]


>> I have two things to say. Take your medication. 
[ Laughter ] 
>> you have a problem my friend. An drea who is fox news contributor who said it best. Women are not stupid. They still think women are stupid they will focus on this troubled up women issue. I have talked to men women on our job solutions tour. Women that own businesses, they want to be able to grow that business. They want to eliminate uncertainty. 
>> Sean: Do any of these tactics worked for gloria allred, trying to go to documents. Do these work? 
>> No, they are not going to work. Good news being on this tour, most people get it. If they get the right information. What they are trying to do is what I call politics of distraction. They are desperate and so you are going to have people like ed go off ranting. Not a lot of people are watching those shows anyway. 
>> Sean: We have to rip out dick cheney's heart. 
>> This is pure desperation on the part of liberals. 
>> Sean: You are a great american. And coming up, two new ads put this election into real perspective. They will show why four more years of obama is the worst case scenario. That and more next. The distances aren't getting shorter. ?????? ?????? the trucks are going farther. The new 2013 ram 1500. ?????? ?????? with the best-in-class fuel economy. Engineered to move heaven and earth. ?????? ?????? guts. Glory. Ram. is And his new boss told him twongs -- cook what you love, and save your money. Joe doesn't know it yet, but he'll wk his way up from busser to waiter to chef before opening a restaurant specializing in fish and me from the great northwest. He'll start investing early, he'll find some good people to help guide him, nd he'll set money aside from his first day of work to his last, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. ?????? ?????? 

[00:43:49]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME FOR MEDICARE Open enrollment. Are you ready? Time to compare plans and see what's new. You don't have to make changes, but it's good to look. Maybe you can find better coverage, save money, or both. And check out the preventive benefits you get after the health care law. ???????????? medicare open enrollment. Now's the time. Visit medicare.Gov or call 1-800-medicare. ?????? ?????? A Hybrid? Most are just no fun to drive. Now, here's one that will make you feel alive. Meet the five-passenger Ford C-MAX Hybrid. C-MAX says ha. C-MAX says wheeee. Which is what you get, don't you see? Cause C-MAX has lots more horsepower than Prius v, a hybrid that C-MAX also bests in MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. >>. 

[00:47:23]


>> Sean: One of new pro romney super pac ads. It was two weeks to go, two weeks from tonight is election day. Romney campaign is hammering the obama's failing policies and reminding voters they can make a change. Welcome back, sir? 
>> Hey, sean, nice to be here. 
>> Shep: It was interesting after the debate last night because during the debate, governor romney tied getting our economic house in in order to our national defense and number two that would include energy and being energy dependent. They are interconnected. The first bit of business if governor romney wins has to be try to get a hold of deficits and get the economy back on track? 
>> Absolutely. If you look at what romney has been talking about for the last year and a half, it's reducing our spending, g.D.P. Ratio from 25 cents on the dollar down to 20. Reducing small business taxes, having a detailed plan to get america back on track. I listen to the last segment, too, you guys are spot on. The problem that the president has with two weeks left to go he has spent hundreds of millions of dollars trying to portray mitt romney has uncaring, nasty, sort of a monster figure. Having this 90-minute debate in denver and long island and down in florida, it was like 90 minutes of gold because the american people saw a guy who is reasonable, intelligent, presidential, someone that can be a commander in chief. It's going to be very difficult for the president to undue that. That is a different kind of debate win. Romney won on substance and style, but he won on who he is as a pen. That is very powerful. We love where we're sitting right now. 

[00:49:34]


>> Sean: I thought this was a big overreach trying to accuse romney of murder, he never paid taxes. Throwing granny over the cliff. Let me go to a specific ad the romney campaign came out with today that deals with national security. Here is how it went. 
>> In the capacity of the american people because if we are willing to work for it, then I am absolutely certain that generations from now, this was the moment when the lives and our planet begin to heal. 
>> Renoors nude tensions. 
>> Iran with nuclear wpons would mean the kind of fanaticism. 
>> Deadly crackdown on the rebels. 
>> Demonstrators made the bloodiest day. 
>> That foreign policy failure. 
>> Sean: I'm a believer in under promise and over deliver but when you talk about the rise the oceans begin to our planet begin to heal and middle east and africa is burning right now. Iran on the verge of nuclear weapons and israel surrounded by enemies that wasn't a smart thing to say back then, was it? 
>> He promised to carpeted the world. When you make those promises that is one thing. He made specific promises. You have alluded them to million times. Get the debt under control. Get the unemployment under 5.5%. You have to live up to your promises. That is the biggest problem. Now, he is the president about all the small things, so now we have president obama who promised to be this guy that has big picture vision. He is all about big bird, bayonets, binders. Now, he has 20-page agenda he has released with 14 days to go. He has become the person that he warned us about four years ago, person that is all about the small things. Person that wants to see the bad in other candidates instead of the good in other people. Promised he wasn't he has now become. It's unbelievable. 

[00:52:13]


>> Sean: It's about dogs, demonization. 
>> You look at yesterday, petty the whole night long. 
>> Sean: I don't think it's going to pay off. Two weeks from tonight, big night. Thanks for being with us. 
>> We are working hard. 
>> Sean: This election will be won and lost in one of problemsly dozen battleground states. New polls from these must win states. We'll break down the latest numbers straight ahead. about system... Is I can follow all my sports... Catch the latest breaking news... Keep in touch with friends... Follow the financial headlines... Find a great restaurant... And with siriusxm I can get weather forecasts... All from here. In my mercedes-benz. 
[ Male Announcer ] INTRODUCING MBRACE2. The most comprehensive cloud-bas telematics system on the road. It's your world, from your car. Mercedes-benz. The best or nothing. ???????????? Chances are, you're not made of money, so don't overpay for motorcycle insurance. GEICO, see how much you could save. ??????????????????@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ >>. 

[00:56:24]


>> Sean: This moment both campaigns are focusing on key battleground states. Swing state tracking poll, governor romney has a commanding lead. 50-45%. Here to break down the numbers. 
>> They are deadlocked at 48. Swings states are moving to governor romney with one or two exceptions. Nevada and ohio. Bottom line, if it is this close the governor needs to win nevada and ohio. So far they are very close. 
>> Sean: And also colorado, wisconsin. 
>> He is not going to win wisconsin. 
>> Sean: I disagree with you. Go ahead. 
>> I think that wisconsin, michigan, pennsylvania are all in play. The fact is republicans won wisconsin in an election issue. 
>> They taking advantage. 
>> No, but the romney campaign is believing the world is flat. Let me ask you a question. If I told you two weeks before the campaign that obama was going to win in 2008, indiana and north carolina, if you thought I was crazy, of course. I am, but you broaden the field. This is moving everywhere. States have been poisoned with money. 
>> Sean: I know the point you refer. A lot of polls is 47. If you are at 47 at a sitting president. 
>> He is somewhere between 49 and 50, if he did down at 47, 48 he loses. One thing, he has said he going after the terrorists who perpetrated the atrocity in libya. Bottom line, that could be october surprise. 
>> Do you think he would bomb libya on the weekend before the election. 

[00:58:26]


>> He is going after them. 
>> Sean: And to affect the vote? 
>> He is going to do what he thinks is right. 
>> With country and timing helping him politically but he will do what is right. 
>> Anything to win. Let me tell you something. On the october surprise. Look in 2010, they learned what they could do when they played up the cartridge bomber. Republicans lost one and a half points. 9% voters voted on that. I know the people in the white house. They will do whatever they can. 
>> They will do what they need to do. 
>> Romney 51-obama, 46. That was it a consecutive days. Above 50, no candidate with those numbers at this point in the race has ever lat las. 
>> I think that poll is two or three points pro romney. I think we're in tie and deal is not closed. 
>> My last word, republicans that are, when there was no october surprise because they are going to get one this year. 
>> I don't have any doubts there will be an october surprise. 
>> Sean: We'll be back tomorrow. 
>> Greta: This is a fox news alert. New evidence that fox news obama administration new the libya 

﻿Title: Happening Now
Description: Breaking news reports.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 11/22/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

All because of poorarnings reports from big companies like 3m and due possibility, even apple sharply lower today. Also the federal reserve branch in the richmond, virginia, sees a manufacturing pullback. All of that bad news piled on top of the dow, down 234 points. The nasdaq down about 33. We will keep an eye on it throughoutppening now." 
>>> Brand new stories and breaking news now, a fierce showdown in florida. President obama and governor romney going head to head in the final presidential debate. 
Jenna: Now the final sprint to the election is on with just two weeks to go. Who won, is one of the questions. And will it be enough to change any minds? We're going to break down the style and substance of the debate with our own fair and balaed conversation, aren't we, jon? And is one of our greatest threats is a nuclear-armed iran. Did the candates lay out plans for making sure that that nation, that same nation that calls us the great satan, never has those types of weapons? We're going to talk more about that. 
>>> And also a massive manhunt is underway as a gunman terrorizes drivers in one state. It's all "happening now." ???????????? 
jenna: Well, the presidential candidates clashing over foreign policy in the third and final debate last night. Now the countdown I on til election day, just two weeks away. No more debates but certainly a lot ahead. We're glad you're with us, everybody, jenna lee. 
Jon: And early voting underway. I'm jon scott. We heard from the candidates on libya, iran, china and our defense budget, but it's no surprise the discussio often move today domestic issues including the economy, jobs and even the auto bailout after nearly 90 minutes, each manmade his case in a closing statement. 
>> As commander in chief, I will maintain the strongest milk tear in the world, keep -- military in the world, keep faith with our troops and go after those who would do us harm, but after a decade of war I think we all recognize we've got to do some nation building here at home. Rebuilding our roads, our bridges and, especially, caring for our veterans who have sacrificed so much for our freedom. 

[00:02:07]


>> The president's path means 20 million people out of work struggling for a good job. I'll get people back to work with 12 million new jobs. I'm going to make sure that we get people off of food stamps not by cutting the program, but by getting them good jobs. America's going to come back, and for that to happen, we're going to have to have a president who can work across the aisle. 
Jon: So who came out on top? Most of the analysis says the president won on points, but governor romney did not make any major mistakes and put himself forward as a viable alternative to the president. Let's talk about it with bob cusack, the managing editor of "the hill so manyfireworks last night, bob. 
>> That's right. I think mitt romney threw the president a bit of a curveball, wasn't as aggressive as we thought he would be on libya, other issues, did land some blouse, but it was obama who was -- blows, but it was obama who was more of the aggressor. Overall, though, I think the debates were a net positive for romney because he won the crucial first debate. He's got the momentum, but remember, obama is up in ohio, and I think ohio's going to decide this thing. 
Jon: All right. So you said that mitt romney has the momentum. You don't think that it was blunted at all by last night's debate? 
>> No, I don't think so. I think it can be argued who won the debate as well as the second debate, and I think, you know, polls show that obama had a slight edge the second and third, but romney really dominated the first one, and that's really changed the race. So I think it showed that mitt romney is very confident that the way he acted last night that he wanted to appear presidential, did not want to get in tit for tat in the last debate. I think that she shows -- shows he's confident about winning these things. 
Jon: When the president made that comment about we have this thing called aircraft carriers and planes land on them, he sounded so depracating, I wonder if it turned people off? 
>> Yeah, that's true. Romney did not respond in kind because that kind of big withering in washington people have been -- bickering in washington people have bee tired of, and that's the kind of partisan bickering that obama vowed to end that still, obviously, is ticking on. If you looked at the debate last night, you would have thought obama was down by five or six points. But I don't think last night was a game changer either way. 

[00:04:31]


Jon: When the president came on and said our alliances have never been stronger, and I think he even included israel in that, I had to wonder what the truth-o-meter would have been doing if you had one on the screen at that moment. 
[Laughter] 
>> right. And you knew that romney was going to point out the fact that obama as president has not been to israel, and he did that. So that, you knew he was going to land that blow. There were some surprises though. On libya I thought romney was going to be more aggressive. So romney made the tactical decision that he was going to come in, he was going to jab, and he was going to dodge a lot of the president's punches, and I think that's basically what happened. 
Jon: You say the president is still up in ohio. I suppose that's the reason we heard so much about the auto bailout in a debate that was supposed to be about foreign policy. 
>> That's right. It kept going, swinging back to the economy. That's what's going to decide this election. Romney has made some gains in ohio and in other states, including wisconsin, but right now the map is a little bit friendlier toward the president, so that's what makes these last two weeks so important. It could be decided by a gaffe, it could be decided by resources, are you going to play in north carolina? Are you going to play in virginia? Where are you going to put the resources, the money in that could decide this thing. 
Jon: And we'll be talking about one of those critical swing states coming up. Bob cusack from "the hill," thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
Jenna: While the debate focused on foreign policy, the economy certainly came up, too, with the candidates saying that a strong economy is not only key to our national security, it's also what keeps network in a leadership -- america in a leadership role on the world stage. Take a listen. 
>> Joint chiefs of staff said that, admiral mullen, said our debt is the biggest national security threat we face. We have weakened our economy. We need a strong economy. We neeto have as well a strong military. 
>> It's driven by what are we going to need to keep the american people safe. That's exactly what our budget does, and it also then allows us to reduce our deficit which is a significant national security concern. Because we've got to make sure that our economy is strong at home so that we can project military power overseas. 

[00:06:36]


Jenna: Joining us now, aaron david miller, woodrow wilson center vice president, former adviser to both republican and democratic secretaries of state. Aaron, we talked a little bit to preview this debate on friday, and I'd like to get your thought on an overarching theme you talked to us about. You said really when it comes to foreign policy, it's not about democrats or republicans, it's about what's smart foreign policy and what's dumb foreign policy. What's the smartest thing you heard last night and from whom, and what's the dumbest thing you heard and from whom? 
>> I'd love to answer that question, and I thought about it. The problem is I'm not sure there were a lot of really smart things said, and there were no dumb things said. The fact is there were no spectacular successes in this debate and no spectacular failures either. I think the president probably won the debate on substance, but on politics I think governor romney did himself two very important services. Number one, he softened what had been an aggressive tone during the second debate in an effort to reach out to independents, and he offered, I think, what he wanted to do which was safe change. Finally, he was -- perhaps not as presidential as the president, you can never be -- but he shared that stage. No mispronounced words, no howlers, and he demonstrated that he knew the terrain relatively well. I mean, nothing beats the incumbent on those matter whats when you can talk about talking to the joint chiefs and the secretary of the navy, it's really hard to trump that. But on those issues I think the governor did very well. And the debate reminded me since so much of it was devoted to the economy that despite the chattering classes, myself included, effort to interject reign policy into this campaign, the fact is it started wi the economy, and in the last two weeks I suspect it's going to end with the economy. And that is going to be the key focus. Not iran, not libya, and not the u.S./Israeli relationship. 
Jenna: Well, aaron, we appreciate you being part of the chattering class, because otherwise we'd have no one to talk to about this. 

[00:08:41]


[Laughter] you mentioned when you're on stage with the president, you can't be the president because your sitting next to someone who holds that position. And the president did not lose the opportunity to point that out. Let's take a listen. 
>> You say that you're not interested in duplicating what happened in iraq, but just a few weeks ago you said you think we should have more troops in iraq right now. And the challenge we have, i know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy, but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. You said we should have gone into iraq despite the fact that there were no weapons of mass destruction. 
Jenna: I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy, seen as one of the zingers of the debate, aaron. What about experience? You have worked with a lot of people that have had some experience, those who have had none, those who have had a lot. What's your reaction to that, that? 
>> Look, I think judgment is really important. I mean, there's no question about that. Foreign policy experience is important too, but the temperament of a president and the reality that the president inherits -- and here I really do believe what was most striking to me about this debate was what I saw on that stage, and I have a word for it, was barack o' romney. There is a new consensus in this country driven by our own broken house and the need to repair it, and it's driven by the challenges in this international system that's tough for us to address. 
Jenna: Is it the right policy, aaron? 
>> Well, I would argue what it does is to reflect the reality that we find ourselves in. We don't have to lead from behind, but we have to be very cruel and unforgiving from now on in when and how we choose to project our power abroad. After all, we're coming off of the two longest wars in american history, and governor romney's comments reflected this. Where the standard for victory was not when we win, it's when can we live. And that's not a happy place to be on libya, on israe on iran. I found governor romney's comments to be quitesimilar, frankly, to the policies that the current president is, um, is following, and I don't think it was simple, simply politically cheap triangulation. I think it reflects mitt romney's own sensibility and his own temperament. This man, his base may not be happy, but this man, I suspect both on domestic and foreign policy, is going to end up governing far more from the center than many of his supporters want to acknowledge or admit. 

[00:11:29]


Jenna: Very interesting point, aaron. Maybe not so much this debate reflecting the candidates, but where we are as a country at this time. Aaron, it's always great to have you. We look forward to having you back. 
>> Terrific, jenna. Takeke care. 
Jon: Presidential debates can make or break a campaign. Voters want to know what the candidates have to say on the issues, but viewers also notice how they present themselves. We're going to take a look at what role style can play when the candidates face off. 
>>> And we're going to bring back a familiar face and catch up with an undecided voter who attended in person the second presidential debate. She had some serious concerns about the future. 
>> I spoke with the president at the end of the debate, and i posed that question, you know, to him. I said to him I'm worried, I'm worried, and I'm worried about my kids. I would like to be hopeful, but, um, it's hard, younow? It's hard to say right now with the way the economy is, with the way that everything, the condition of the nation right now, it's hard to say. I want to be hopeful. 
Jon: So after attending the second debate and watching last ght, is she ready to make her choice? Wendi joins us live. payout settlement or annuity over 10 or even 20 years? Call imperial structured settlements. The experts at imperial can convert your long-term payout into a lump sum of cash today. @ with see. Great grains. Great grains cereal starts whole and stays whole. See the seam? More pcessed flakes look nothing like natural grains. I'm eating what I kn is better nutrition. Mmmm. Great grains. Search great grains d see for yourself. hard breathe, but with ADVAIR, I'm breathing better. So now I can be in the scene. ADVAIR is clinically proven to help significantly improve lung function. Unlike most COPD medications, ADVAIR contains both an anti-inflammatory and a long-acting bronchodilator working together to help improve your lung function all day. ADVAIR won't replace fast-acting inhalers for sudden symptoms and should not be used more than twice a day. People with COPD taking ADVAIR may have a higher chance of pneumonia. ADVAIR may increase your risk of osteoporosis and some eye problems. Tell your doctor if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure before taking ADVAIR. If you're still having difficulty breathing, ask your doctor if including ADVAIR could help improve your lung function. Get your first full prescription free and save on refills at ADVAIRcopd.com. 

[00:15:39]


Jenna: Well, just two weeks left for the presidential candidates to win over those coveted undecided voters. The debate last night was really the final opportunity to see prt obama and governor romney face off. Many pollshowing them running neck and neck, making the remaining undecided voters more important than ever, and last week we spoke to someone who still hasn't picked a candidate. She gave us her thoughts of after attending the second presidential debate. So as of right now, still undecided? 
>> I am undecided. 
Jenna: So what do you think's going to help you make up your mind? 
>> Well, I know that there's another debate coming, and I'm hoping we get some clearer answers and just not as much fighting. 
Jenna: Wendi is with us now to tell us if she got any clarity last night, wearing a politically-neutral yellow. 
>> Absolutely. 
Jenna: Did you feel like you got more information? Have you made up your mind? 
>> I did. I definitely feel like I'm leaning more now. I'm a little clearer on the economy, which was my big issue, and even though it was a foreign policy debate, I don't think we really discussed a lot of foreign policy last night. 
Jenna: So you said you're leaning in one direction. Which direction? 
>> I would have to say romney. 
Jenna: Really? 
>> I really would, yeah. 
Jenna: And why? 
>> I think it's because, um, he just has an idea of what the economy needs right now. Um, obama has not really been giving any sort of idea on what sort of plan he wants for the next four years, um, I think romney's a little more focused. We need a change in that regard. He's had four years to work on things, and nothing has gotten better, it's only gotten worse. And, um, I think that he could pull us through. I mean, after last night especially because it was really about the economy last night. 
Jenna: So that's interesting, because the topic, everything was going to be about foreign policy. 
>> Right. 
Jenna: And is people have said the president really has the advantage there. But yet through all of that and all the conversations with the different countries we were led through -- 
>> right. 
Jenna: -- What sticks out in your mind is the economy. 

[00:17:40]


>> It does, because I have to agree with romney with regard to foreign policy, how the economy plays a part in foreign policy. It also weakens our military, and if our military is weakened, it weakens us as a nation, and that all kind of ties back to the economy. So I think that it's really important that we get back on track. 
Jenna: A lot is made, and we get on the air and a lot of people talk about what did people really think about a couple things like body language. What did they really think about comments like the president saying to romney, you know, we have these things called aircraft carriers. 
>> Yeah. 
Jenna: You know, that's where planes land. How did you take the interaction between the two of them? 
>> Honestly, I think he came off a little bit like a bully. 
Jenna: Who? Which one? 
>> Obama. Because it was a little bit degrading, and I don't think that's necessary. You can still be a gentleman and get your point across without lowering yourself to that level, and I think it sort of came across that way, and I didn't like it. I mean, the candidates have to understand that they're talking to the people, too, and we need to relate to them, and we need to like them. And for me personally, I didn't like it. I didn't like it. 
Jenna: Very interesting. So you say you're leaning romney. 
>> I am. 
Jenna: But 100%? Or -- 
>> um -- 
[laughter] I think if romney could connect a little more to the every man, that would work with me a little more, too, but I sort of just have to push that aside and go with what I think he can do that's best for the country. 
Jenna: All right. We're going to be talking to you in the next couple weeks, see how it goes. Wendi, you're our undecided voter, we found one. 
[Laughter] and congratulations on the tough mudder. 
>> Tough mudder. 
Jenna: Jon, wendi ran it as well. 
Jon: I am outnumbered. 
[Laughter] congratulations to both of you, that's some race or event. 
>>> Hey, the candidates came on stage with some in-depth liners, but did governo romney miss an opportunity to hit the president with what some see as a foreign policy debacle? Judge napolitano joins us later in the hour to talk about libya. Medicare? That's a good thing, but it doesn't cover everything. Only about 80% of your part b medical expenses. The rest is up to you. SO CONSIDER AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, they help save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs. CALL TODAY TO REQUEST A FREE Decision Guide. With these types of plans, you'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital that ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS... Plus, there are no networks, and you'll never need a referral to see a specialist. Join the millions who have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp... And provided by UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, Which has over 30 years of experience behind it. With all the good years ahead, look for the experience and commitment to go the distance with you. CALL NOW TO REQUEST YOUR FREE Decision Guide. O0 c1 a together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 

[00:22:42]


[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 
Jon: When it comes to televised debates, you know, sometimes style counts as much as substance. In the 1960 faceoff between richard nixon and john f. Kennedy, people who heard the debate on radio thought nixon won, but of those who watched it on tv, they saw a handsome, relaxed jack kennedy versus richard nixon giving kennedy a huge advantage. So which candidate had the styleadvantage last night? Our very stylish james rosen is our chief washington correspondent, has some thoughts on that. James? 
>> Reporter: That's kind of you to say, jon, because as a native new yorker, my default setting is pale and nervous. 
[Laughter] the default setting for president obama last night was aggressor, even snapping at mitt romney at one point. I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy, but few have noted the jenin coherence of the president's overall attack which charged the republican simultaneously with being trigger happy, with being too much likthe president himself and with being, quote, all over the map. 
>> There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did, but you'd say 'em louder. The disagreement I have with governor romney is that during the course of this campaign he's often talked as if we should take premature military action. 
>> Reporter: Perhaps because their differences here were less pronounced or perhaps because he was courting women voters, governor romney could often be heard commending the president's decisions, but where there were differences -- say on iran, russia and the overall tone of the obama administration -- governor romney displayed his own sharp edge. 
>> When there were disdents in the streets of tehran, a green revolution holding signs saying is america with us, the president was silent. You said that on occasion america had dictated to other nations. Mr. President, america has not dictated to other nations, we have freed other nations from dictators. 

[00:24:55]


>> Reporter: One other angle not getting a whole lot of attention this morning, president obama's labeling of china as our adversary. Follow me on twitter @jamesroseen jfnc, and I'll show you the different terms they've used to describe china. 
Jon: Yeah, there were some interesting nuggets. James, thanks for pointing some of them out to us. 
Jenna: So the initial question always postdebate is who won the debate, right? But the bigger question is now, will this debate move the needle in this raise sew-close race? We have a fair and balanced debate on that coming up. 
>>> Plus, a sniper shooting at cars near detroit, even people leaving fairholmes. Their homes. The latest as police step up their manhunt for this gunman, next. is promotion at red lobster. The's so many choices, the guests lovet! 
[ Male Announcer ] DON'T MISS ENDLESS SHRIMP, Just $14.99! Try as much as y like, anyway you like. Like new teriyaki grilled shrimp. Offer ends soon! My name is angela trapp, and I sea food differently. 

[00:29:18]


Jon: President obama and governor mitt romney trading punches last night on everything from the civil war in syria to iran's nuclear program. But which man can claim victory? Syndicated columnist and fox news contributor charles krauthamer says governor romney came out on top. Here is charles last night. 
>> I think it is unequivocal romney won. He just didn't win tactically but strategically. Strategically all he needed to do was draw, needed to continue the momentum he had since the first debate an this will continue it. Tactically he simply had to get out there and show he is competent man, a somebody who can trust as commander-in-chief. A man who knows every area of the globe. He gave interesting e details like the haqqani network which gave the impression he knows what he is talking about. But there's a third level here and that is what actually happened in the debate. We can argue about the small points or that the debating points. Romney went large. Obama went very, very small. Shockingly shawl. Romney made a strategic decision not to go after the president on libya or syria or other areas where obama could accuse him of being a bush-like warmonger. I would have gone after obama on libya with a baseball bat. 
Jon: Do undecided voters agree with that assessment? Several snap polls taken right after the debate are giving a narrow advantage to the president. Vice president joe biden approved of the president's performance as you might expect, slammed governor romney in the process saying that governor romney doesn't have what it takes to lead america on the world stage. Listen. 
>> I didn't see anything that the governor disagreed on, and he seemed to be desperately trying to demonstrate he agreed with the president's policies. And what governor policy -- governor romney showed today, and I felt badly, it is clear he is not ready to be the commander-in-chief of the united states military. He demonstrated the lack of sophistication about what is going on in the world. His rapid change in his positions. Look, being president requires a clear vision and a steady hand that is exactly what president obama demonstrated tonight and it is exactly what governor romney demonstrated was lacking. 

[00:31:35]


Jon: So who won? Joining us now for a fair and balanced debate, simon rosenberg and founder of mdn and former clinton campaign advisor. Ron bonjean with us as well on the right of your screen. Former communications director for former house speaker dennis hastert. Simon, to you first, it is a who won question but also a question about who advanced their campaign priorities the most. Give us your take. 
>> Sure. I mean every poll and every focus group done last night had barack obama winning the debate and I think, you know, the democrats feel very good today. We have won three out of the last 4-d bates. We feel like we have momentum going the final two weeks. It is very hard to hearing argue that mitt romney won the debate. Charles catt hahmer made a valiant effort that to make that he won the night and there is no polling date to evidence of that. If you want to come in the final debate and do a good job. You want to come out with momentum and troops fired up. That is not the case for republicans today. I think democrats feel confident. We're ahead in the electoral college. 2/3 of the polls out in the last week have obama head by two or three points. We feel pretty good. We know this will be close and it will be a tough fight the end. 
Jon: You also want to come out of a debate like that, ron, not scaring people. For instance, we just spoke with wendy biondi, who was a non, undecided voter, attended the second debate. She said she liked what romney had to say last night. 
>> Right. If you look at what mitt romney did, he won the debate on what he need to do, which is to look presidential. And the polls say that he, that the polling says that he can handle the roll as commander-in-chief. By far and away it was 60-36%. What he didn't do take the bait president lead out for him. Get into arguments onon serious details regarding foreign policy obama though was so aggressive against mitt romney because he knows mitt romney has the momentum now going into the election. He is trying desperately to stop the momentum and entrap mitt romney and make him unlikeable. Right now mitt romney is now going off for the next two weeks. Doing, very, very well. In fact there are stories on "the drudge report" talking about democrats possibly pulling the obama campaign, possibly pulling out of north carolina. The president's comm regarding the navy were devastaing to the battleground state of virginia where you have all the navy workers and shipyards. 

[00:34:04]


Jon: What about that simon? Virginia is a critical state this time around and do you think that the president lost any naval votes, any navy veterans, any active duty navy personnel as a result of what he had to say about the navy? 
>> President didn't attack the navy last night. I think any assertion that he did is farcical and silly and was not people paying attention to what he said. What he said we have a more modern navy. Which have more effective capacities. You can't measure it based on number of boats you have but on the force that we can project. We have nuclear submarines. We have aircraft carriers. We didn't have those things, 70, 80 years ago. I think the president was affirming smart strategic insvelts modernizing the navy made it more effective and lethal that it was 70 or 80 years ago. I don't think he lost anybody in the navy and marines. I think the real problem for mitt romney last night what it said out of leadership. What we want out of our leader to be steady and strong. He was all over the place changing his positions. We want our leaders to be honest and truthful. He lied repeatedly on national television last night. I think on leadership test, he failed the leadership test and lost debate. 
Jon: Give us your take on the president's points, ron? 
>> Well, I have to say first of all obama compared the navy to horses an bayonets, that we don't use anymore which I thought was really interesting, there will be a lot of ads in the state of virginia moving battle ground voters. 
>> Bring them on, ron. 
>> Okay. Romney, again, he has momentum. President tried to take that momentum away and just couldn't do it. You could see the president trying to get under mitt romney skin with sound bites, you know, regarding his to foreign policy. And it wasn't working. If looked like somy, if you looked at it no idea who was president or not president, looked like mitt romney was president and president obama was the challenger. 
Jon: It alls take as few days for these things to sink in. We'll see what the polls show us next week. It was an interesting night. That is the last one for this campaign cycle. Simon rosenberg, ron bonjean thank you for that fair and balanced debate. 

[00:36:14]


>> Thank you so much. 
>> Right now a desperate search for a sniper shooting up communities in michigan. Rick folbaum has details from the breaking news desk. Rick? 
>> Reporter: The total is 22 separate shootings have taken place all spread over multiple counties in southeastern michigan. No one has been hurt thankfully. People are scared and police are asking the public for help. This is the sketch released of the man witnesses described as the shooter. A MAN IN HIS 30s, SHORT HAIR, Stubble on his face. One man was shot while taking out of his trash. Most of the shootings are directed at cars driving on th local interstate, i-96. 
>> Hit the wind shield, head-on collision my kids, anybody ales's families are dead and he is driving out around with a gun. 
>> We have a good community. That is the best thing we love and have someone come in here and disrupt is very disturbing to us. 
>> Reporter: Police are asking anybody to be loon the okay lookout. Call if you see anything. The number to report you've seen something, 1-800-speak up. A task force and local officials from the atf meeting to fine tune their game plan. They say they are confident they will find this person. Back to you. 
Jenna: How scary. Rick, thank you. 
Jon: There has been an awful lot of criticism over the obama administration's handling of the situation in libya, from the apparent lapses in security before the terror attack on the u.S. Consulate in gaziano -- benghazi to the changing narrative after the attack that left three americans dead. Here is how mitt romney addressed it last night. 
>> We've seen in nation after nation a number of disturbing events. In syria 30,000 civilians killed by the military there. We've seen in libya an attack apparently, I think we know now by terrorists of some kind against our people there, four people dead. 
Jon: And mr. Romney pretty much left it at that, leaving some to say he missed an opportunity. Joining us now, judge andrew napolitano. Fox news senior judicial analyst. You have some thoughts about the libya situation. You say that the president destroyed the libyan government? 

[00:38:28]


>> Well the president, president obama destroyed the libyan government when he unilaterally bombed libya last year, jon, while the congress of the united states was on spring break. He made the announcement while I was in brazil and said he didn't have time to get congress's approval or authorization as the constitution required. He did have time to get approval from nato and the ab league. Mysteriously, not from congress. In bombing the way he did, he destroyed not only muammar qaddafi personally and qaddafi's government but also destroyed government material, government personnel, police station, the intelligence community, and by creating this vacuum in the government once qaddafi was dead, he opened up room for the gangs of militias that now rule the country to come in and one of the first things those was open up some of the jails. Out of the jails came some of the people qaddafi locked up and members of al qaeda. In the case of a few of them they had been released from guantanamo bay because the u.S. Military captured them. So he islargely, in my view, responsible for having created the environment in which ambassador stevens and others were murdered. 
Jon: He is the commander-in-chief and does the war powers act not give him the opportunity, the right to use military force where he deems it appropriate? 
>> It does but to have suggested that he had time to consult and get the approval of the arab league and nato and not the approval of the united states congress is an insult to congre, an insult to the american people and an insult to the constitution. And it shows a rush to please the european mentality. Qaddafi's bad and he has got to go, without thinking about the likely consequences of such an invasion. And those consequences unfortunately were manifested on september 11th when the ambassador was murdered. And then to dispatch a u.N. Ambassador rice to lie about it and to do this at the height of a presidential campaign is chutzpah that governor romney should have challenged last night. 

[00:40:36]


Jon: Judge andrew napolitano, our senior judicial analyst. Judge, thank you. 
>> A pleasure, jon. 
Jenna: Besides libya one of the other big topics in the debate is the is going on with iran right now. The iranian nuclear standoff to tough talk and why iran may be closer to a nuclear weapon plus the roll the demonstrations in back in 2009 played in all of this. We'll go in depth just ahead. expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. inherits challenges. Few have faced so many. Four years later... Our enemies have been brought to justice. Our heroes are coming home. Assembly lines are humming again. There are still challenges to meet. Children to educate. A middle class to rebuild. But the last thing we should do is turn back now. 

[00:43:54]


PRESIDENT OBAMA: I'm Barack Obama and... I approve this message. 
Jenna: The iran nuclear standoff, a key issue during the final faceoff between president obama and positive mitt romney. With the pressure on to stop tehran from building an atomic weapon, the president talking stuff making it clear america's patience with iran is wearing very thin. 
>> The clock is ticking. We're not going to allow iran to perpetually engage in negotiations that lead nowhere. And I've been very clear to them. You know, because of the intelligence coordination that we do with a range of countries including israel we have a sense when they could breakout capacity which when we couldn't intervene in time to stop the nuclear program and that clock is ticking. 
>> Governor romney blasting the obama administration saying last four years only brought us closer to nuclear iran. He chided the president during his reaction to the crackdown in iran four years ago. 
>> When there were dissidents in tehran, green revolution, holding signs say is america with us. The president was silent. They noticed that as well. When the president said he would create daylight between ourselves and israel, that they noticed that as well. All of these things suggested I think, to the iranian mullahs, hey, you know, we can keep on pushing along here. We can keep talks going on but we'll keep on spinning is l centrifuges. There are some 10,000 centrifuges spinning uranium, preparing to create a nuclear threat to the united states and to the world. That's unacceptable for us and it is essential for a president to show strength from the very beginning to make it very clear what is acceptal and and not acceptable. 
Jenna: We have the executive director of the foundation for defense of democracies, and peter brookes, fellow of national security affairs at the heritage foundation and former member of the cia. Mark, first to you, what is the major difference of these two gentlemen and how they will engage iran in the future? 

[00:46:06]


>> I think there are two fundamental differences one, governor romney made it very clear he will not allow iran to develop nuclear weapons capacity. The president believes he can catch iran if they sneak out or breakout and he believes the intelligence community which missed chinese nuke, nukes from pakistan and north korea will get it right this time. The second fundamental difference is the israeli prime minister. There are clearly daylight between the obama administration and the israeli prime minister and i think that daylight is being recognized in tehran that is not terrified by this administration and the government in jerusem is not reassured by it. 
Jenna: Peter, respond a little bit to what markd about the intelligence community. We talked about the intelligence community last couple weeks specifically with libya. The administration is critical from the information they received from that community. How good is our intelligence in iran is the president correct we will know when they're often working with imperfect knowledge. In some ways like putting together a jigsaw puzzle but you don't know what the box looks like the end goal is, the picture is. You may not have all the pieces. You may have other pieces. It is really, really difficult work and iran is a very difficult target. They have, they're doing their best but I can not put full confidence in the president's statement that he will know, we will know when iran is at that point. So I'm very, very concerned and I'm worried that his belief in that will lead us astray in terms of dealing with iran's nuclear program. 
Jenna: How so? 
>> Well, I'm just worried that he is going to think that we have it right. There are a lot of things involved in these programs. That we just don't know. We don't have full visibility on the iranian nuclear program, even our spies don't, like I said we're working with imperfect knowledge. We will will continue to work with imperfect knowledge what policy needs to be built. If we don't have perfect knowledge, transparency about the program how can we make these sorts of decisions? Iran could get outside assistance. We may be basing on certain things we know. Things maychange and accelerate iran. We've seen it in the past. We saw it with north cry's long-range missile program IN THE 1990s. Intelligence community thought it would take a certain time to get to that point and all of sudden we were surprised by that despite the great job the intelligence community does we do not have perfect knowledge on these very hard targets. 

[00:48:41]


Jenna: One of the things president said mitt romney was repeating some of his policies when it came to iran and came to so many parts of the world. You're saying same thing I'm saying but only saying it louder. Mark, quick thought from you, does delivery and perception matter even if the message is the same? 
>> Economic pressure, political pressure is as much about psychology as it is about legalities. The fact of the matter these sanctions have been tough, and they have been severe but we're a long day away from the economic cripple date. The economic cripple date comes long after the nuclear threshold date. We have not struck fear in the hearts of the men who lead iran. They welcome --. 
Jenna: Go ahead. 
Jenna: Hold on a second. We have great sound from the president and mitt romney specifically on sanctions. I will take a quick commercial break. We'll play the sound for other viewers and get more back with more happening now. Call imperial structured settlements. The experts at imperial can convert your long-term payout into a lump sum of cash today. @ ring... Progresso This reduced sodium soup says it mahelp lower cholesterol, how does it work? You just he to eat it as part of your heart healthy diet. Step 1. Eat the soup. All those veggies and beans, that's what may help lower your cholesterol and -- Well that's easy 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 

[00:52:47]


jenna: Back now with mark and peter talking about a little more about iran and the debate. We throw around the word sanctions like everybody knows what it is all about, gentlemen. The key for these sanctions, the goal is so to stop a nuclear weapon in iran and therefore stop war. Here is what both candidates had to say about the sanctions last night. 
>> We then organized the strongest coalition and the strongest sanctions against iran in history. And it is crippling their economy. Their currency has dropped 80%. Their oil production has plunged to the lowest level since they were fighting a war with iraq 20 years ago. So their economy is in a shambles. And the reason we did this is because a nuclear iran is a threat to the our national security and it's a threat to israel's national security. We can not afford to have a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region of the world. 
>> I would tighten those sanctions. I would say that, ships that carry iranian oil, can't come into our ports. I imagine the e.U. Would agree with us as well. Not only ships couldn't. I would say companies moving their oil, people trading their oil can't. I would tighten those sank shuns further. Secondly I would take on diplomatic isolation efforts. I would make sure that ahmadinejad is indicted under the genocide convention. His words I amount to genocide in citation. I would indict him for it. I would make sure their diplomats are treated like the pariah they are around the world. The same way we treated the apartheid diplomats of south africa. 
Jenna: Mark, pick up on the point you were making before the break that we haven't changed path quite yet. What with the path forward. 
>> President obama talks about crippling iranian economy because of a drop in currency and oil sales. What he is not talking about how are the foreign exchange reserves and how long will they last and when will they run out? That is the weapon iranians have to forestall economic collapse. He clearly hasn't shown it to congress and hasn't shown it to our allies and hasn't shared it with iranian people or the american people. How far are they from economic collapse and will economic collapse break the nuclear will of iran's supreme leader? By the way is the gentleman should be cited on incitement of genocide. Ahmadinejad is lame duck. He is irrelevant. It is supreme leader who holds see people power and he he is the man who should be indicted for genocide. 

[00:55:22]


Jenna: Peter, your thoughts? 
>> Iran is more wires lated and greater economic sanctions than before but it is irrelevant. It hasn't changed the aspiration of the a tomic ice sew tops of iran. Endless rounds of diplomacy and sanctions didn't prevent north korea and pakistan from joininging once exclusive nuclear club as 8th and 9th members. If iran wants to become nuclear state it is a game-changer for them and game-changer for us they have to be willing to endure the pain to cross that nuclear thresh hoed. 
Jenna: A lot more to talk about on this topic. Thank you for your time today. 
>> Thank you. Jon:. 
Jon: Well the attacks came "fast and furious" in last night's debate but did the facts back up both candidates arguments? We did a little fact-checking. We'll bring you those answers coming up 
>> Announcer: Meet jill. She thought she'd feel better after seeing her doctor. And she might have, if not for kari, the identity thief who stole jill's social security number to open credit cards, destroying jill's credit and her dream of retirement. Now meet amanda. With a swipe of her debit card, she bought some gas... And an all-expense-paid trip to hawaii for ben. Ben is the intity thief who used a device called a skimmer to steal her every year millions of americans just like you learn that a little personal information in the wrong hands could wre havoc on your life. This is identity theft, and no one helps stop it better than lifelock. Lifelock offers the most comprehensive identity theft protection available. Ordinary credit monitoring services tell you after your identity has been stolen; they may take 30 days to alert you! Too late for amanda. With lifelock's 24/7 proactive protection, jill would have been alerted as soon as they noticed an attack in their network, before it was too late. And lifelock's bank account takeover alerts would have notified amanda in time to help protect her money. Lifelock guards your social security number, your money, your credit, even the equity in your home. While identity theft can't be completely stopped, no one protects you better than lifelock. And lifelock stands behind that, with the power of their $1 million service guarantee. You have so much to protect, and nothing to lose when you call lifelock right now and try 60 days of identity theft protection risk-free. 60 days risk-free! 

[00:58:56]


USE PROMO CODE: OnGuard. Order now, and get this document shredder, a $29 value, free! Call or go online now. 
[??????...] 
jon: It is high noon on the east coast, and we are down to the final stretch of the 2012 campaign. The candidates making a dash for the key battleground states in a very tight race to the finish. Have we said that enough? 
Jenna: I think we're going to be saying it even more over the next couple weeks. 
[Laughter] 
jon: I think we will. Welcome the second hour of "happening now," I'm jon scott. 
Jenna: I'm jen la lee, and the debates are finally over. The candidates are certainly on the move, and where they go very telling about where their priorities are at this time. Governor romney and congressman ryan are campaigning today in nevada and colorado, the president is wrapping up an event in florida before heading to ohio for an event with vice president biden. In the mean time, reaction is 

﻿Title: Happening Now
Description: Breaking news reports.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 11/22/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Sty, and mitt romney and barack obama are in the final two week sprint of the campaign, and it's going to be blistering. Both of them today releasing new ads, in some cases using the video and the sound from last night. By the snap polls and pundits, you would think that mr. Obama won last n, in some cases decisively, but the romney campaign's very upbeat, they say they made the point that mitt romney showed last night a command of the necessary issues. Listen to a little bit of the exchanges. 
>> What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership, not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. 
>> I congratulate him on taking OUT OSAMA BIN bin LADEN AND Going after the leadership in al-QAEDA, BUT WE CAN'T KILL OUR Way out of this mess. 
>> Reporter: The likelihood of a game changer from last night's debate is pretty small, although by most accounts the president took the upper hand in most of it. The romney campaign is making three ads from lastght's debate, two of them attacking president obama and a third essentially amounting to has a closing argument for mitt romney's campaign, and they believe this is a very, very close race, and it's really just a matter of ground game now for the next 14 days to that end, mr. Romney will be hitting three states in the next 36 hours, president obama, seven states in the next two days. 
Jenna: What did the debates show us about what we're going the hear over the next two weeks? How have they set the tone? 
>> It really is closing arguments, that's right. Today the obama campaign has unveiled a 20-page booklet that is, essentially, hi goals for a second term. A lot of criticism of the president for not really laying out his second term agenda effect effectively, and the romney campaign, excuse me, is thinking about whether or not to go wh 30-second infomercials to really put the issue forward for the closing argument over the next 14 days. And last night's debate and these ads are meant on both sides to try to reach voters who may not have watched it and put the most possible positive impression forth in each case, mr. Obama's closing argument and a little bit of what mitt romney said last night in closing argument now in an ad. Watch. 

[00:02:16]


>> We're not real yet, but we've made real progress. Read my plan, compare it to governor romney's. 
>> Reporter: And for mr. Romney, he used some of what he said last night to further his own argument. Watch. 
>> The president's path means 20 million people out of work struggling for a good job. I'll get people back to work with 12 million new jobs. I'm going to make sure that we get people off of food stamps not by cutting the program, but by getting them good jobs. 
>> Reporter: So for the last year and a half even before mitt romney had won the republican nomination, most of the polls suggested that the margin between he and mr. Obama was about sevenoints. And now that we're in the last couple of weeks, it's really about finding the undecided and independent voters who have been hanging out there which way they lean. Both campaigns have spent tens of millions of dollars on infrastructure and ground game. In the case of president obama, many more field offices than the republican side has, but the republicans this time around are experimenting with data mining and computer methodology to find what they call new, persuadable voters, a test of whether republicans are caught up with democrats in terms of the technology and social media and whether or not prime minister ma's field offices -- prime minister ma's field offices could be changed back to a more traditional campaign for him. 
Jenna: We're going to make sure we have that gps secured on you carl over the next 14 days. You're going to be on the move. Thanks, carl. 
Jon: So who do you think won last night's debate? Our next guest feels it was president obama, but will it help him win the election? Looking into his crystal ball now, larry sabato, director of the center for politics at the university of virginia. So you say advantage obama, but the crystal ball says it might not help the president much? 
>> Sure. He won on points. He's won two debates on points. He won the second debate on points, he won the third debate on points, but you put 'em both together, and they don't equal the denver debate which was a slaughter. Also, debates are much more important for a challenger than an incumbent. We've seen an incumbent for four years day in and day out. People already know what they think about the incumbent. It's the challenger who has to score. Romney scored in denver and in the other two debates he passed what we call to value office test -- the oval office test. He appeared reasonable, he appeared moderate. The most important message last night, jon, and I haven't seen this much repeated yet today, but the most important message he sent out last night was the 

[00:04:48]


following quote: War is the last resort. War is the last resort. That told swing voters or undecided voters that he wouldn't rush into a war whether it's against iran or any other country. So, you know, on the whole i don't think it changed very much. I think we're in the autopilot phase of the campaign now, and carl is part of the autopilot. 
Jon: The president said america has never been stronger and our relations with our allies have never been stronger. I'm not sure that I know too many people who feel that way. Is that the kind of thing that people take apart after a debate and think about? 
>> Well, possibly. You know, I went down twitter last night, I tweeted a little about this, I found democrat on my list saying obama won and every republican on my list saying romney won. That's another reason why I just don't think it had much impact in the vast majority of cases. People simply took away from the debate what they wanted to and, therefore, it didn't change the dynamics, and it didn't change the late momentum which has been mainly to romney. 
Jon: You're there in virginia, we've been talking a little bit this morning already about the comments about the shrinking navy, the likelihood that the navy is going to take real hit if they don't get to do something about this, you know, this budget crisis that's coming up. Is that an issue that is going to resonate with virginia voters, particularly veterans? 
>> Well, defense is big here. You know, virginia is second only to alaska in per capita defense spending. It's a big part of the reason why virginia has a 5.9% unemployment rate, well below the national average. So, yes, we are very attuned to anytng that affects defense spending and would affect the navy in particular. I grew up down in norfolk. Norfolk would close down without the navy. 
Jon: Yeah. It's a great city. Love it there. Larry sabato from the university of virginia center for politics, always good to get the view from your crystal ball. Thank you. 

[00:06:54]


>> Thank you, jon. 
Jenna: Plenty of claims and attacks last night coming really from both sides, but do the facts back up their arguments? A big question today. Chief congressional correspondent mike emanuel is looking into all of this for us, he's live in washington with more. Hi there, mike. 
>> Reporter: Hi, jenna. President obama takes credit for ending the iraq war and bringing the troops home, and he's critical of mitt romney on the issue of iraq. 
>> Just a few weeks ago you said you think we should have more troops in the iraq right now. And the challenge we have, i know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy, but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Reporter: To be fa, mr. Obama hoped to negotiate a status of forces agreement that would have allowed up to 10,000 troops to stay in iraq after 2011, but the talks failed. Meanwhile, a huge issue in places like battleground virginia, the massive defense cuts due to begin on january 2nd. After governor romney charged the half billion in defense cuts as making our future less certain and less secure, the commander in chief responded. 
>> First of all, the sequester's not something that I proposed, it's something that congress has proposed. It will not happen. 
>> Reporter: Instantly, republicans on capitol hill perked up with don stewart 
saying, quote: Well, that's certainly new. I'm curious to see what his plan is for preventing it. While the house has passed legislation to prevent it, the white house has presented no plan. Then afterwards senior white hous adviser david plouffe told reporters everyone in washington agrees the sequester should not happen. In his book "the price of politics," bob woodward says the idea of these automatic cuts originated from the white house. Although it was a foreign policy debate, some of the biggest sparks were over the auto industry. Mr. Obama suggested mr. Romney would nove provided government assistance to auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy, but romney wrote in 2008 about a managed bankruptcy and government guarantees helping the auto industry be competitive again. Jenna? 

[00:08:57]


Jenna: Mike emanuel live for us in d.C. Mike, thank you. 
Jon: An update to a story we first brought you yesterday on a horrific attack, a fire bomber on the loose. Now police say they have a better idea who they're looking for, and they want the public's help. 
>>> Plus, how different are president obama and governor romney when it comes to iran? Something you might have missed in their final debate that could have huge implications. 
>> We're four years closer to a nuclear iran. We're four years closer to a nuclear iran. And we should not have wasted these four years to the extent they continue to be able to spin these centrifuges and get that much closer. 

﻿Title: Happy Endings - Cazsh Dummy Spillionaires
Description: Dave and Alex start seeing each other again; Max tends to Penny after an accident lands her in a full body cast, but when he starts crushing on her physical therapist, he tries to impede her recovery; Brad tries to keep a secret from Jane.
Channel: 6 - WPVIDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:01:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: Hardball With Chris Matthews
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

???????????? 
>>> good evening. I'm chris matthews back in washington. Let me start with this tonight. I suppose when you take it all in, the three debates, all that came before it, it comes down to what kind of a president do you want? Obama's a man of the world. He respects other countries, accepts the fact we are, we americans, part of this planet. Maybe the best part. But we share the world, and we better be a smart, just, and compett citizen in it. We need to take the long view of our interests and use our influence when we can but also avoid stuff that makes the future more dangerous. Romney, well, clearly he's in debt to the hawks, the neoconservatives who write the stuff we heard last night, this talk of accusing the president of iran of genocide for the things he said about israel. It's purely political stuff. That and what he said about russia being our number one enemy in the world today. All this old cold war stuff. What's beneath it? Who knows. What we do know is he feels the need to wear that neocon suit. Will he rip it off if elected? Why would anyone think that? He spoke about wanting a peaceful planet. Talk about learning a dance for the occasion. John heilemann and ron reagan join us. Mitt has a tendency to assume whatever political profile he thought would best help him win. In 2007 facing a relatively MODERATE john McCain and rudy giuliani, he tacked to the hard right. Everything could always be tweaked, reshaped, fixed, addressed said one former aide describing his ook. Saying it was foreign to him on policy issues that core principles mattered, that somebody would go back and say, well, three years ago you said this. As the president said today, let's take a listen. 

[00:02:00]


>> We're accustomed to seeing politicians change their positions from like four years ago. We are not accustomed to seeing liticians change their position from four days ago. 
>> John heilemann, this is a unique thing like we've always talked, you can't hold onto a greased pig, it just slips away. This is almost an illusory being, this romney person. Wh does heieve? He was talking last night like HE WAS george McGovern, no DISRESPECT TO george McGovern, we just lost him, but this idea of I want a peaceful planet. All this soft putting flowers in the end of guns stuff last night. Where did that peacenik come from and why? 
>> It came from the same place that the guy who came to denver and talked in the first debate about how -- about bipartisanship and about positions that were considerably more centrist and soft on questions like health care. It came from the same place. We have all been around presidential politics for a long time. There's a standard set of moves where candidates in both the republican and democratic party run to the far right or the far left or farther right or farther left than they really are to get through the nominating process in their parties, and then they begin a gradual drift back toward the center. I think the obama campaign expected mitt romney to do that on domestic policy, on foreign policy in a gradual, traditional way over the course of the summer, into the fall. Instead, governor romney kept very much in the hard right mode all through the summer and into the early fall, and then suddenly in the debates, in the month of october, he did something really out of character for most presidential candidates. He made his lurch to the center in one fell swoop. First in denver and then last night on foreign policy. It's a really bold, audacious gambit. It does raise the question, and I think the question has been asked for the entire time he's been running for president, what does mitt romney actually believe, what's in his heart, what are his core convictions? Just making a mistake, if this succeeds, what he's done here, he'll be rewriting the rules for the rule book for presidential politics for years to come. 

[00:04:04]


>> Forever. Ron, it seems to me though there are reasons to believe why he couldn't escape the commitments he made. He signed on with grover norquist, he put it in blood. He put the robes on with pat robertson down in liberty university, honorary degree. Totally part of the religious right. They're working for free, all these guys around him from the neocon far right, all the hawks that were involved with the iraq war. So how does he break loose from all these entanglements? Are they part of the charade? You go out and pretend you're a moderate, a wolf in sheep's clothing because we want power. If you have to play that game of looking like a reasonable person to get there, at least we'll win with you, we'll be there at the winning circle. 
>> Well, that seems to be the story with mitt romney. 
>> They're all cynics. 
>> Yes, it's very cynical. He's like a political cubist. Is that his nose, is that a foot sticking out of the side of his head? He's a politician in a fun house mirror. John made an important point there. It's not just about mitt romney. This is goto set a template, if he wins, if he's successful in this big lie strategy of running for president, this will become a template for campaigns on both sides of the aisle moving forward. As you know, people who run campaigns are always waging the last campaign, whatever won there, they're going to drag it into the next cycle or the present cycle. Imagine if we find out that you can lie so brazenly and not have to pay for it in a presidential campaign. In fact, you can triumph through lying. It will be quite an extraordinary thing. 
>> Let's take a look at it, ron and john. Let's look at last night. Here he is presenting himself as a man of peace saying military action was the furthest thing from his mind, even on iran, on iran. Last resort he's talking. Let's watch. 
>> It's also essential for us to understand what our mission is in iran, that is to dissuade iran from having a nuclear weapon through peaceful and diplomatic means. I laid out seven steps. Crippling sanctions were number one, and they do work. You're seeing it right now in the economy. It's absolutely the right thing to do to have crippling sanctions. I would have put them in place earlier, but it's good they have them. 

[00:06:18]


>> Where did we find this sudden scholar, to quote henry v. He was more hawkish on the iran in the primaries. He talked about kinetic action against iran. Let's watch. 
>> If we get to that point and they continue and they look like they have now created a weapon and have a means to deliver it, do you support a first strike against them either by israel or by us or a combination of the two to halt that process? 
>> Yes, and I think you actually have to act before they actually had a weapon, a deliverable weapon. They havnderstand that we will take military kinetic action if they continue to pursue a nuclear option. >> Well, he should have said, yes, bubba. He figures this guy must be a right winger, let's feed the guy. There's a different standard altogether from the one he adopted recently. He said if they have a weapon, not if they have a capability. Under that standard we could attack holland tomorrow. Let me ask you about this, what is he, john heilemann? You're writing the book about him this year. Who is he beneath the garb, the neocon clothing, the talk of peace? 
>> I don't know the answer to that question. Especially on foreign policy. Unlike -- we can at least look at his record as governor of massachusetts and make some judgments. In this case on foreign policy, he is a blank slate, and we can only go by the things he said because he's never had a chance to practice foreign policy in the past. I'll say last night we talked about that interview yesterday on your show before the debate where I brought it up, and, you know, he's basically endorsing a first strike against -- not basically -- he is, in fact, endorsing a first strike against iran, a very bellicose posture. Last night he sounded -- maybe NOT totally McGovernite but barack obamaite. He was endorsing the president's position. I thought I heard somewhere the sound of sheldon adelson and maybe john bolton choking on a pretzel last night. The neocons must not be happy with that new language. It's the case that the country is weary of war. He knows if he's going to win over the undecideds left in the battleground states, he can't come across like someone who is going to jump into more foreign entanglements. It's an untenable political position at this point. 

[00:08:48]


>> I just want to get to iran on this political question, the politics of this thing. I don't know who is more likely to strike at iran if it looks like they're getting close to having a weapon. I wouldn't put it past obama. I think he knows it's essential we do something to prevent that from happening. We have no idea how much of a hair trigger they would have in using it. We have no idea. They're not even like the pakistanis, who are scary enough. It seems to me if you're calculating this election who is most likely to strike, I would do it this way. I would say who is most likely to do it in a way that considers the consequences, they're ready for the reaction, the blowout that's going to come next. We better damn well be prepared for having the ships in the right place, the alliances in the right place so when it does happen, there's the least negative reverberation because there will be reverberation, and the smart president will be ready for it. Not attacking, that's easy. 
>> Obama would have the rational reason for doing it if he ever does it. It's worth mentioning neither hawk romney or dove romney seems to know what he's talking about. He threatened military action if it went -- hawk romney threatened military action if iran continues to pursue its program. Presumably if he took office in january, they would still be pursuing their program. Does that mean that he launches an attack right then? Dove romney doesn't seem to know any better. He says he loves sanctions now, the sanctions are very effective, this is terrific. He would have imposed them sooner. Well, here is a news flash. You unilaterally don't impose sanctions. You had to get the world community together to do that, and that took a little bit of time. 
>> Yes. 
>> I don't think you understand american exceptionalism, ron. Under his theory of american exceptionalism, you do it when you damn well feel like doing it, that second. Last night romney stated if he were president, we would be out of afghanistan by 2014. Turns out to be the exact same day as the president. Let's take a look. 

[00:10:52]


>> We've got to be finished by 2014, and when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> As I said, that sounds like he's announcing a date of withdrawal, which is odd since during the primaries he was so critical of president obama for doing just that. 
>> He announced the date of the withdrawal of our surge forces based upon a political calendar, not the calendar that the commanders on the ground said it was based for our mission. That was wrong. This president, however, has done -- made it very difficult for our troops to be able to be successful in that mission by, number one, announcing a withdrawal date for our troops. I think it was a mistake to say the specific date we withdraw. 
>> I guess, john, he's talking about an alternative strategy of sneaking out of afghanistan. 
>> That's right. 
>> It seems like you ought to alert your allies to your general thinking before you conduct it. 
>> Well, aga, chris, to the point, the parall point to the one ronald reagan, jr. Just made, ron reagan just made, those are -- there's a logistical issue. It's not like you snap your fingers and suddenly all of american forces like are suddenly vanished from afghanistan. Marching those troops out takes time. It takes movements and material and logistics. You can't do that in an unplanned, ungradual, unmethodical way. It's not like -- again, it's not something you do instantly. There's no way you can surprise -- 
>> how would he know that? How would he know? You're asking him to know something heoesn't have any way to know. No one in the history of his family looking forward or backward, through all the known generations, has had any interest in the military life at all. How would he know any of this stuff you're talking about? At all? Why would he have an interest? 
>> He would have an interest because he wants to be president. And the way -- 
>> this comes with the job. 
>> If you want -- you can have serious policy advisers around yourself, and one of the things that's true about mitt romney's team, and I say this not in a blanket way, he has some very good people around him on the political side, but he has one of the weakest policy shops on domestic and particularly on foreign policy of either nominee in either party I have seen in my time covering policy. He's not got advisers around him who tell him the things we're talking about. 
>> He's running for secretary of commerce, and he's calling it the presidency. Thank you very much. 

[00:12:57]


>>> Coming up, grand theft auto. First mitt romney was against saving the auto industry, then he was, he said, for saving it. Now he says he was never against it in the first place. Why the switcheroo? Three reasons, they're all the same, ohio, ohio, ohio. If romney loses ohio, he probably loses the election. And they've got a lot of car-making people up there. 
>>> At long last president obama goes up with an old ad -- or a new ad actually laying out his vision for the next four years. It's been a long time coming. Is two weeks enough to make his case? We'll see that in two weeks. And, of course, it's the day after the presidential debate. That means the great james lipton is here with us to review from the director's chair. 
>>> Finally, let me finish with a choice between a president who is at home with america's place in the world, barack obama, and a candidate who wants to take us back to one that caused so much trouble. This is "hardball," the place for politics. have need? At legalzoom, we've created a better place to turn for your legal matters. Maybe you want to incorporate a business you'd like to start. Or protect your family with a will or living trust. Legalzoom makes it easy with step-by-step help when completing your personalized document 
-- or you can even access an attorney to guide you along. With an "a" rating from the better business bureau legalzoom helps you get personalized and affordable legal protection. In most states, a legal plan attorney is available with every personalized document to answer any questions. Get started at legalzoom.Com today. And now you're protected. 
>>> Two weeks to go we've got some new senate polls to report. Let's check the "hardball" scoreboard. We start in florida where the race looks to be tightening. A new ppp poll gives bill nelson a four-point edge over connie mack. They must have him mixed up with his father. In pennsylvania morning call poll shows democrat senator bobby casey leading tom smith, the self-financer, by eight points. We'll be right back. ] flavor. Flavor, meet food. It's time for swanson flavor boost. Concentrated broth in easy to use packets. Mix it into skillet dishes, for an instant dose of... Hell-o! 

[00:16:10]


[ Female Announcer ] GET RECIPES AT FLAVORBOOST.COM. 
>>> Back to "hardball." If there was any doubt ohio is the center of the political universe this year and for the next two weeks, certainly two pieces of information tell us it most certainly is. First, nate silver has crunched the numbers on the tipping point states, and his model shows ohio blows away the field. There's an exact 50/50 chance ohio will provide the decisive electoral vote for whoever wins. Silver says in the thousands of election simulations he's done, the winner in ohio wins the election 95% of the time. Do you like the way they do business, 95% is pretty good for any bet. The reason number two occurred last night in the debate. In a debate that was supposed to be about foreign policy, the most heated exchange between obama and challenger romney came over the auto bailout, an issue of crucial importance to voters in ohio as well as iowa and wisconsin and, of course, michigan. "The huffington post" pollster.Com average of ohio polls show the race has narrowed, but obama continueto lead there, 48% to 46%. Steve rattner, formerly obama administration lead car adviser, the car czar. From "the washington post" chris cillizza, an msnbc contributor who knows nothing about cars except he likes it, and he knows a lot about politics. Let's look at the most heated exchange. It was spurred by a question about trade with china but went straight to the heart of ohio where one in eight jobs are tied to the auto industry, especially in toledo. 

[00:18:52]


>> If we had taken your advice about our auto industry, we'd be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. 
>> I'm a son of detroit, I was born in detroit. My dad was head of a car company. I like amen cars, and i would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. My plan to get the industry on its feet when it was in real trouble was not to start writing checks, and it was president bush that wrote the first checks. I disagree with that. I said they need -- they need to go through a managed bankruptcy. 
>> Governor romney, you keep on trying to, you know, air brush history here. You were very clear that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said that they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would -- 
>> you're wrong, mr. President. 
>> No, I am not wrong. 
>> You're wrong. 
>> I am not wrong. 
>> Look it up. 
>> Romney's "new york times" op-ed headline, let detroit go bankrupt, is often evidence he would let the auto industry fail. In fairness, he didn't select the headline. He would have withheld federal nefrom the auto industry. He wrote, a managed bankruptcy may be the only path to the fundamental reconstruction the industry needs. It would permit the companies to shed excess labor, pension, and real estate cost. The federal government should provide guarantees for post-bankruptcy financing. Steve rattner, you're the expert. It seems if I want to borrow money as a company to stay alive, I w remember who turned me down. He thinks he got away with it last night, romney. 
>> I think the president said it exactly right. The fact is that under the romney plan, the companies would have gone into bankruptcy without any government help, but they would have never come out because there was no private financing to help them during this period. The reason president bush gave them money was because they had no money. They had run out of money. They literally were on the verge of closing their doors, laying off their workers and liquidating. 
>> So baruptcy means bankruptcy. He makes it sound like it's managed bankruptcy. It's not really what we think of as chapter 11. 

[00:21:00]


>> There's a lot of different kinds of bankruptcy. There's what we did, which was a special kind of bankruptcy that was a quick bankruptcy that we did within 30 to 60 days. Romney would have put them into a regular chapter 11, would have led to chapter 7 which is liquidation because nobody was going to finance these companies while in bankruptcy. 
>> Can you say as a car and financial expert that if obama hadn't taken the extraordinary step of going in and lending the $80 billion or whatever it was, that they would have died? Ge and chrysler would have died? 
>> Gm and chrysler, no question about it. They did not have money to make payroll, ttheir electric bills, to pay their suppliers. They would have closed their doors. 
>> I like clarity. Is that clear to the guy and woman working on the line, who work in the supply industries as well as the main auto shops? 
>> Here is what I don't know, here is what I do know. Something has happened in ohio that's put it in a better place for barack obama than I think many of us, at least me, in the political world would have thought it would be at this point. He is still ahead. Has that margin narrowed? Sure, I think it's narrowed somewhat, but you look at what could it be, and I think it is the auto bailout that's very popular in the sta. We know that from polling and the fact that the unemployment rate is significantly under the national average. So those two things allow obama to make an argument that he can struggle to make in a place like north carolina where the unemployment rate is, you know, over 9%, florida, where it's above the national average which is, look, not only did I put in place this policy that you like, it worked, and that's -- that kind of cause and effect argument is not an argument he can make everywhere, but in truth you hit it right in the opening. He may not need to make it everywhere because if he wins ohio, the number of plausible paths mitt romney has to 270 electoral votes just narrows down. 
>> Steve? 
>> I think those two factors that chris mentioned are obviouslcompletely connected. The unemployment rate is lower because the auto industry is saved. Something like 12,000 more auto jobs alone, just auto, direct auto, plus suppliers and suppliers to -- 

[00:23:06]


>> I wish, steve and chris, i wish the president, I'm not as good thinking about this as he and his people I will admit, I'm not sure it's true, the auto industry in this country is so important to our culture that we make cars, we grew up as kids in my generation wanting the new models and falling in love with the thunderbird and the corvette. We always wanted to see the new cars. We love new car smell in this country. What a crazy thing we are. We love making them. It's a huge thing if it -- 
>> chris -- 
>> you deserve credit for working with the president on this. Why doesn't the president -- he ought to sing this song loud. I saved the american auto industry, and this guy out here wanted to ditch it. 
>> I think he's trying to sing it as loud as he can, but the problem is romney does not stick to his positions. He makes up his positions as the president said last night. Romney just ignores the past and says, well, yeah, I wanted you to do what you did. Here is the important point -- 
>> how can he say that when he knows guys like you who are in the financial pages, are in that world, know it's bs? How can he talk knowing the smart guys he has to bump into know he's not telling the truth? 
>> This has been a campaign of factcheck.Org. Everybody has needed fact checkers to keep them honest. 
>> And they just do it. 
>> He just says it. Romney says anything. It's the most extraordinary thing to me. 
>> Okay. We got a new cbs/quinnipiac poll. It proves the power of early voting for the president. 1 in 5 iowans polled already voted, 1 in 5 have already voted. 54% to the president. What do you make of that? What is this, exit polling of people who have mailed in their ballots? 
>> Right. When you ask in the poll you say, have you voted early? If they say yes, say who did you vote for? Look, you'd rather be up 15 points in early vote than not up 15 points, I'll say that. Now, I talked to republicans before because I knew we were going to talk iowa, and blicans say, yes, we are losing the early vote, we knew we were going to lose the early vote in iowa, but we're losing it by a declining margin from last week. We're losing it on a declining margin as it compares to 2008. It depends which side you think is more important. I would say mitt romney, unlike john McCain -- remember, john McCAIN TOOK PUBLIC FINANCING. Mitt romney had $183 million in the bank at the end of september. My guess is that kind of money pays for significantly more volunteers, more ground operation. My guess is romney's ground operation will be better than McCAIN'S IN '08. The issue is, is it better than barack obama's in 2012? I don't know the answer to that. 

[00:25:40]


>> He has a great one in ohio. 
>> I'm sure he does. They've known from the start if they could take ohio from romney, it made it almost impossible for him to get to 270. I bet they have a great organization. 
>> We'll see. Steve rattner, thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Thanks for what you did for the car companies. Chris cillizza, thank you. 
>>> Up next, president obama said romney is pushing foreign POLICIES FROM THE 1980s, SOCIAL POLICY FROM THE '50s, AND ECONOMIC POLICY FROM THE '20s. Their tv viewing habits ha nostalgic bent as well. This is "hardball," the place for politics. to future. Since ameriprise financial was founded back in 1894, they've been committed to putting clients first. Helping generations through tough times. Good times. Never taking a bailout. There when you need them. Helping millions of americans over the centuries. The strength of a global financial leader. The heart of a one-to-one relationship. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? 

[00:29:39]


>>> the final presidential debate. 
>> Yes. 
>> Final, that's it! By the way, who needs more debates to decide? Anybody? Anybody need like ten more debates to really figure it out? 
>> Latest polls indicate 6% registered voters undecided. Undecided. 6% registered voters. Make up 
>> well, back to "hardball." And with two weeks left in the presidential race, you will see a lot of tv ads, especially if you live in a swing state like ohio or here in d.C. Which is right next to virginia. Yahoo! News looked at fcc filings from tv stations to find out which shows are most likely to bring you an ad supporting president obama and which is most likely to bring you an ad supporting romney. The cbs sitcom "two broke girls" features two single women trying to make ends meet in nork city. Second place for the obama people, "judge joe brown." R romney it was the olympics. And in second place, you will not believe this, this is true, this is where the romney ads are placed. "The andy griffith show," which stopped production of new shows back in 1968. Now back to last night's debate. Although it was on foreign policy last night, both candidates knew the top voting issue was the economy. When it comes to our economy here at home, I know what it takes to create 12 million new jobs. 
>> You are familiar with jobs being shped overseas. 
>> People have lost their jobs. 
>> Americans had seen jobs being shipped overseas. 
>> Good jobs of the future. Jobs of tomorrow. 
>> Jobs come from -- 
>> jobs. 
>> Jobs. 
>> Jobs. 
>> You invested in companies that were shipping jobs overseas. 
>> Neither candidate pushing jobs to the sidelines just two weeks before election day. 

[00:31:42]


>>> The atlantic politics blog picked up on a romneyism you may have noticed in last night's face-off. Romney has a tendency to start speaking so rapidly that, quote, he just can't stop and the words begin to pile up on top of each other at the end of the verbal escalator. Here is what they're getting at right here. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden. Well, I absolutely believe that's important. We want to make sure they're seeing progress throughout the middle east. These terrorists against our people there. This is a critical opportunity with israel. But once it exploded. And it makes the worlde peaceful. 
>> Wow. He needs the extra word just to catch up with himself. 
>>> Anyway, finally mitt romney's statement on foreign policy says that he'll, quote, repair our relationships abroad and create a safer, more secure nation for all americans. But just how much repair is really needed between the united states and other countries? A new bbc world service poll asked people in 21 countries outside the u.S. To choose between your presidential candidates. It looks like it's mitt romney who has the repair work to do. President obama represented by the blue bar there trounces mitt romney in every country polled except for pakistan. Every country but pakistan refers obama. They're the bottom of the chart. That's pakistan. Some countries like france have romney in the single digits. So I guess he's pretty popular out there, the president. 
>>> Up next, president obama is finally laying out his vision for a second term to the american voters, but with two weeks to go, can he make the case in time?. Two weeks' time. Like a football two-minute drill. You're watching "hardball," the place for politics. eight princesses. An expert on softball. And tea parties. I'll have more awkward conversations than I'm equipped for because I'm raising two girls on my own. I'll worry about the economy more than a few times before they're grown. But it's for them, so I've found a way. Who matters most to you says the most about you. Massmutual is owned by our policyholders so they matter most to us. Massmutual. We'll help you get there. ?????? ?????? 

[00:34:39]


[ Male Announcer ] START WITH NOTHING, Build a ground-breaking car. Good. Now build a time machine. Go here, find someone who can build a futuristic dash board display. Bring future guy back. Watch him build a tft display like nothing you've ever seen. Get him to explain exactly what that is. The thin film transistor display... 
[ Male Announcer ] MMM, MAYBE NOT. Just show it. Customize the dash, give it park assist. The fuel efficiency flower thing. Send future guy home, his work here is done. Destroy time machine. Win some awards, send in brady. That's how you do it. Easy. 
>>> Here's what is happening. The pharmacy linked to the fungal men jin jit tis that has killed 23 people in steroids and leaking in a boiler near a clean room. Two teenagers say she was lured to the friend's home and a fire forcing hundreds of residents to evacuate. Kbk to "hardball." ???????????? 

[00:36:59]


>>> welcome back to "hardball." On the heels the last night's final presidential debate, we have an eye on the closing arguments and how they frame the next two weeks. At a campaign rally earlier today, president obama unveiled his plan for the next four years. This is a big speech this morning, doing something a lot of people thought he should have done sooner. Let's see what happens, and let's listen to the president today on his future four years. 
>> In this campaign I have laid out a plan for jobs and middle ass security, and unlike mitt romney I'm actually proud to talk about what's in it. Because my plan actually will move america forward, and by the way, the math in my plan adds up. 
>> Well, with me now are two msnbc political analysts, former pennsylvania governor ed rendell and "the nation" magazine's john nichols. Governor, thanks for coming on. You know about politics and policy and how it works. It seems to me that some people really like the fact that romney a couple dates ago had a five-point plan. They just love that packaging, five-point plan. Obama had to come back and say it's only a one-pot plan because he knew it was trouble. Is it important now that the president have his five-point plan even if it doesn't have a lot to do with jobs next week, education, training, building on the manufacturing base, american-made energy, and debt reduction -- deficit reduction. Does it add up to the kind of meat and potatoes you need to get an election won looking to the future? 
>> I think they do, chris, but i think he's late, as you said i the intro. He's late in putting it together in a one, two, three, four, five, six-point plan, but he's been talking about those components all throughout the campaign. First debate he talked about a $4 trillion simpson/bowles type debt reduction, and he's committed to doing that. He's taken $1 trillion off the debt with what they did at the last session of congress. He's talked about a jobs plan. He laid the jobs plan before the country last october, as you recall, and it included an american energy independence where everything is in, including the production tax credit extending it for wind and solar but for everybody, for natural gas, for oil, for nuclear, for all of our sources of energy. He talked about rebuilding our infrastructure. In the jobs plan there was $75 billion for infrastructure, which is the single best job creator we have. So the president's had many components of that. His commitment to education, which, of course, as we know, chris, is the future of our economy. We can't compete without a well-educated workforce. All those things the president's talked about in individual components in silos. He's putting them together with a plan. I wish he had done it earlier, but he's talked about every one of them. 

[00:39:39]


>> Let's get to the timing issue. A lot of people drop news five minutes before the nightly news. You want to have a certain amount of exposure but not too much so it gets taken apart all day. These guys like plouffe, do you think they're thinking about two weeks is about enough time for the people when they're really paying attention to absorb? 
>> Well, yeah, but I think we have to put ad dollars behind this 3.5 million copies of this plan. Without ad dollars, there is no plan. 
>> Same question to you. I mean, I agree education -- sometimes I think it's just a sop to the nea when he says it over and over and over again. Obviously is means something to people with kids. We know the difference between obama not being who he is and being who he is, he went to the best school in the country. It isn't the class-ridden society it was 50, 75 years ag education decides how you do it in this world, right? It does make sense, and without an emphasis on education, you come off as a bit of a anti-education person. Is this going to turn it? He puts education up front. That's what people see first. Is this a winning argument? 
>> I think so, chris. Yeah, I think so, chris. Look, I have got an 8-year-old daughter. I'm one of those people who is very interested in education. I don't happen to be in a teachers union, but I'm glad my kid's teachers are. I think this plan coming at this point is actually very smart. If president obama, who really outlined a lot of this in his acceptance speech at the democratic convention, if they had put it out in a written form back in september, we would have spent most of september arguing about the plan. At this point we end up in a situation where we have two weeks when people are most focused to talk about it, and this refocuses things on his economic, domestic agenda, and i will remind you, I have covered elections in countries around the world, england, germany, other places, scandinavian countries. They have much shorter election campaigns, and they often have political parties put their manifestos out two weeks before an election and then run hard on that to the end. I think the president might actually be playing smart strategy here. 

[00:41:54]


>> Well, he was out detailing his plan for the next year as said in a new airing -- a new ad airing in battleground states. Let's watch the ad now. 
>> Here is my plan for the next four years, making education and training a national priority, building on our manufacturing boom, boosting american-made energy, reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more. And ending the war in afghanistan so we can do some nation building here at home. That's the right path. So read my plan, compare it to governor romney's and decide which is better for you. It's an honor to be your president and I'm asking for your vote. So together we can keep moving america forward. 
>> Let me ask you two questions, governor, one is do you have to be for something the other guy is against in order to have traction? Does it sound like, when you heard that commercial and watched that speech, that obama is for something distinctive from romney so if you want it, you have to vote for him? 
>> I think that's clever, and i think leading with education is right. I think people do get it, that education is not just something we ought to be doing for our kids, but it's going to shape our economy in the future. So that's very smart. Secondly, asking for your vote, that's important. People want to be asked by the candidate for their vote. 
>> I so agree. Last thought, john, I agree with that. That was an old tip o'neillism. People like to be asked for anything. They don't like having things demanded of them. John nichols, quickly, what do you think of the education emphasis? Stick to that one point. 
>> Sure. I think it's really smart because, look, this president can't go and promise a new deal. But what he can promise is a commitment and investment in the future that is both for kids and also economically rooted. The fact of the matter is we're competing in a global economy. We're going to win if we're well-educated and everybody knows that. So it's a smart ask, and also note the calmness, the clarity with which he delivers it. 
>> I like that. 

[00:43:54]


>> He knows there's been too much shouting. This is closing out very calm, very deliberate. I think pretty smart. 
>> I want to hear shouting from bill clinton later because i think the states like new hampshire, the bite-sized states -- you're laughing -- he could deliver on new hampshire, he could locnnsylvania in for sure, he could give them iowa and wisconsin. These are nail-biters. Thank you so much, governor rendell, and thank you, john nichols. 
>>> Up next, it wouldn't be the day after debate without "inside the actors studio" james lipton. This is going to be fun. Guess who had flop sweat last night. It wasn't the president. This is "hardball," the place oh for politics. bp gulf.For politics.Over twenty-three dollars to help those affected and to cover cleanup costs. Today, the beaches and gulf are open, and many areas are reporting their best tourism seasons in years. And bp's also committed to america. We support nearly 250,000 jobs and invest more here than anywhere else. We're working to fuel america for generations to come. Our commitment has never been stronger. that great. Were you profitable last month? How much money is in your checking account? Have the Browns paid you for their addition yet? Your finances are scattered all over the place. Mm-hmm. What are your monthly expenses? You keep your receipts in plastic Baggies? Seriously? 
[ Announcer ] Get it doneand get it off your mind... with QuickBooks. Organize your small business finances... all in one place. QuickBooks pulls in informationfrom other sources. Even online bankingand customer information. VisitTryQuickBooksFree.com todayfor your free 30-day trial. And noyour business can beat your fingertips, anywhere, with the convenient mobile app. From creating customizedinvoices, to tracking sales and expenses, QuickBooks can help you manage... every detail of your business. And at tax time, all your records... will be automatically organizedand ready to go, saving you time on prep work. QuickBooks, guaranteed easyor your money back. Learn more and get your free30-day trial today... at TryQuickBooksFree.com. 

[00:46:06]


>>> Illinois congressman jesse jackson, jr. Is back at the mayo clinic. The u.S. Congressman was released last month following treatmt for bipolar disorder, and his father, the reverend jesse jackson, says today's evaluation may lead to a longer stay at the clinic. Congressman jackson took medical leave in june. He's on the november ballot, though he hasn't campaigned beyond a robocall to voters. Polls show him leading his republican opponent on the south side, no surprise there, 2-1. When they magically unite, people would think, "woah, this two dollar hot dog tastes like a fancy eight dollar hot dog." Download zeebox free, and say "woah" every time you watch tv. investor. I invest in what I know. I turned 65 last week. I'm getting married. Planning a life. There are risks, sure. But, there's no reward without it. I want to be prepared for the long haul. I see a world bursting with opportunities. India, china, brazil, ishares, small-caps, large-caps, ishares. Industrials. Low cost. Every dollar counts. Ishares. Income. Dividends. Bonds. I like bonds. Ishares. Commodities. Diversification. Choices. My own ideas. Ishares. I want to use the same stuff the big guys use. Ishares. 8 out of 10 large, professional investors choose ishares for their etfs. Introducing the ishares core, etfs for the heart of your portfolio. Tax efficient and low cost building blocks to help you keep more of what you earn. Call your advisor. Visit ishares.Com. Ishares. Ishares. Yeah, ishares. Call 1-800-ishares for a prospectus which includes investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Read and consider it carefully before investing. How does your small business door? Email marketing from constant contact reaches people in a place they're checking every day -- their inbox. And it gives you the tools to create custom emails that drive business. It's just one of the ways constant contact can help you grow your small business. Sign up for your free trial today AT ConstantContact.com/Try. 

[00:48:54]


>>> We're back. After countless hours of presentation and, believe it or not, 270 minutes of actual performance, barack obama and mitt romney have concluded their three momentous nights of debate, and now we've dissected the policy and looked at the politics. Let's ta step back and look at the performance. With me is james lipton, host of bravo's "inside the actors studio." Let's look at this first of all, the flop sweat issue. Mr. Lipt, you set out to both advise mr. Romney on his performance but also to find out who the former governor is in life. What we saw last night was an uncomfortable candidate clearly. If you look closely, you can see the perspiration on his upper lip as he debated foreign romney sweats any more, I get a royalty. That was referring to this scene from broadcast news. 
>> Our own state department was rocked, not only by the revelation but from the highly unusual persistence of the state press corps. Martin cline reports on the raucous at foggy bottom. 
>> The state department -- 
>> just how noticeable is this, huh? 
>> My late dad loved that performance. I think a lot of people identified more with him than the other guys but james what did you make of that? He was dealing with foreign policy and how he had was memorized phrases to use? 
>> I suppose that was it. It's a flop term of art and that was flop sweat. Flop sweat derives from the days of when he was dancing as fast as he could, knew that he was dying out there and kept sweating and sweating. That's flop sweat. We saw it earlier. We talked about it a long time ago when this campaign began and he was -- he did suffer from flop sweat then. That introduces another term of art which is stage fright. Stage fright exists for politicians and certainly exists for actors. I think we saw a little of that last night and the reason was that he was on unfamiliar terrain and, you're right, he had memorized some bullet points and that was what he was delivering. 

[00:51:13]


>> Yeah. He was referencing things like mali and the al qaeda there and western africa. Just to show that he knew about a country about mali. President obama was more at home on the foreign policy turf. He attacked romney for old-school policies. Let's watch a bit of that. 
>> A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda. You said russia. IN THE 1980s OR NOW CALLING Nassau for their foreign policy back. The cold war has been over for 20 years. Just like the social policies of THE 1950s AND ECONOMIC POLICIES OF THE 1920s. I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> You know what, james, this is about politics and your field. If president obama, I believe, had looked at romney the way we saw him doing it there at that table, eyeball to eyeball physically, man to man, person to person, I don't think he'd have any problems in the numbers right now. He would have never fallen behind in the first debate because they would say, he stood up to the guy, he stood up to the challenger. How do they feel about the man looking down at his notes to a guy that he didn't like, didn't think much of but stared him down? 
>> Because. Because in the first debate, the man for whom the president had prepared never showed up. Whatever preparation he had, what good would it have done him? That person never showed up. 
>> But he didn't show up last night either. 
>> But by last night the president was ready for this new moderate mitt romney. He was prepared for him. So it was much easier. Look at him. He's looking at him straight in the eye. This is quite different. The first time he was looking at his notes because he was trying to find the guy for whom he expected to confront. 

[00:53:15]


>> What did you think of the table? I thought the table was great. I thought that it stopped all of that stupid choreography and trying to -- it was like a scene from "west side story." Didn't you like the fact that they were sitting next to each other in sort of a business environment and he couldn't boss around the moderator because thank god bob schieffer was on the same level as him this time? 
>> Yep. I agree. I liked the table. Isn't it nice to hear two people conversing? Once upon a time politics was civil. It is no longer. This helped last night, without question. 
>> Did you notice that schieffer, he only got challenged once but when romney did that thing that he often does, sort of push away the moderate, whisk him away, you underling. I thought that was a sign of strength. I've always liked bob schieffer but that's a good moment to stand up to the boss man. 
>> I agree. What interested me very much was the way in which romney took us back, how retro he was. As you said, he went back to 1916 for his military policy. HE WENT TO THE 1920s AND Harding, coolidge and what is good for business is good for the country for his economic policy. We know how that worked out. HE WENT TO THE 1950s FOR THE SOCIAL POLICIES AND 1980s FOR The cold war politics. He comes off last night as something of a luddite. 
>> Thank you, james. It's an honor just to hear your words. In your thinking in preparation for this program, we're humble to have you. We'll be right back. so glad called. you. We're not in london, are we? No. Why? Apparently my debit card is. What? I know. Don't worry, we have cancelled your old card. Great. Thank you. In addition to us monitoring your accounts for unusual activity, you could also set up free account alerts. Okay. 

[00:55:41]


[ Female Announcer ] AT WELLS FARGO WE'RE Working around the clock to help protect your money and financial information. Here's your temporary card. Welcome back. How was london? 
[ Female Announcer ] WELLS FARGO. Together we'll go far. 

[00:58:30]


>>> Let me finish tonight with this. Mitt romney sweated a bit. He was nervous. He doesn't know foreign policy. He memorizes the words, mid-east tumul, turmoil. But what does it mean to him? Obama has been going it alone, obama is preferred in the world, by the way, as we saw in the poll that we showed you because he accepts a leader's role in the world. We are not over the world. We are part of it. We are a special country but that doesn't mean that we are over certain countries. We are wise and fortunate to have gotten some things right. Some at the beginning and others over time, things like the importance of the person, the individuality of the state, intrinsic value of personal dignity. I think romney has a more self-righteous view of america's rights in the world and it's discredited. George w. Did that for us. With romney we've been doing what we did before. What got us into trouble before, hoping that doing it the same way would have a different result. There's no logical reason to believe that would be so. That's "hardball" for tonight. Thanks for being with us. "The ed show" starts right now. 
>>> Good evening, americans and welcome to "the ed show." 14 days until the election. . The debates are over a mitt 

﻿Title: Hoy
Description: Revista de entretenimiento y estilo de vida que presenta consejos de cocina, proyectos caseros, belleza y salud, adem??s de noticias y artistas invitados.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/29/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> You have to. 
>> Y amigos que nos ven por univisi??n, la casa de todos. 
>> Qu??dese ac??, pues acompa??amos a jaime camil en la filmaci??n de su nueva pel??cula. 
>> Nachito nos va ense??ar a colocar clavos de concreto. 
>> Muchas felicidades a dominique pues hoy es su cumplea??os. 
>> Estuvimos en la premier de chiapas, el coraz??n del caf??. 
>> Es una pel??cula que protagoniza jaime camil. 
>> Fue una participaci??n diferente, pero soy co productor igual, le ir?? bien. 
>> S??, le ir?? linda. 
>> Es una pel??cula de ??poca, historia rom??ntica de amor. 
>> Tuvo que aprender a hablar beneto. 
>> Que bueno que lo mencionas, pues que mal le sale hacer un italiano, y no es un italiano, es beneto, el idioma italiano como lo conocemos hoy, existi?? en 1860. 
>> Por ahora se encuentra en la etapa final de la pel??cula. 
>> Quiero hacer teatro en m??xico y mi gran amigo me ayude a montarla. 

[00:02:05]


>> Alejandro gonz??lez padilla comparti?? una de las an??cdotas m??s especiales. 
>> Ten??an que cruzar el r??o junto con todos los esclavos y las carretas, bueyes y caf??, y tienen que ver con sus propios ojos, yo llegu?? as?? como muy encontron, ac?? est?? la toma, tengo un par de dobles, por si ustedes no lo quieren hacen. 
>> El elenco de esta pel??cula desfil?? por la alfombra roja y quien m??s caus?? euforia fue jaime camil. 
>> Yo quer??a hacer la premer en chiapas, ya viste por donde la quise hacer, estoy muy emocionado de la gente. 
>> Esta ma??ana en "hoy", maira aguilar. 
>> Hay que ir a verlo, seguro se estrenar?? el fin de semana. 
>> Lo mejor es que vaya el primer fin de semana. 
>> Si le va el primero, la dejan m??s tiempo. 
>> Es mucha la presi??n, est feliz. 
>> S??, estuvo con ??l d??a domingo, estaba muy feliz y lo hace muy bien. 
>> V??monos ahora con vicente fern??ndez. 

[00:04:07]


>> S??, me suena, pues ya saben que es el rey de las rancheras recibi?? un homenaje en chicago, le pusieron su nombre en una calle de all??, estaba con su se??ora. 
>> Eso fue ayer y con pancartas, banderas mexicanas y el p??blico aplaudi?? bajo la lluvia y ??l agradeci?? a todos. 
>> Que pongan tu nombre en una calle, ??qu?? m??s puede pasar? Es una leyenda. >>; Felicidades precioso y que dios me lo bendiga. 
>> ??Qu?? m??s? Vamos a ver esto. 
>> Siempre dije que no me retiraba por salud, pero me hallaron una cosita en el h??gado y ma??ana, ma??ana me hacen una biosia en el h??gado, resen para que todo salga bien. 
>> Esto es importante, que no le duela nada y que no la pase mal. 
>> Bueno, ??l habl?? y lo que dijo, que hace 8 d??as estuvo en el palenque de guadalajara y que se hace chequeo siempre y bueno, en uno de esos apareci?? una bolita de dos cent??metros de di??metro. 

[00:06:16]


>> Entonces se dieron cuenta que kansas, luego chicago el domingo, ayer fue lo de la calle y volaron a houston y hoy a las 5 de la tarde la har??n la biosia. 
>> Pero es un toro. 
>> As?? es, se siente mejor que nunca de salud. 
>> Vamos a presentarle una entrevista que hicimos con ad??n de la torre balmaceda. 
>> La obra est?? maravillosa, las obras completas de shakespeare, pero abreviado. 
>> Vamos con los detalles. 
>> Bienvenido. 
>> Muchas gracias t??a. 
>> Mi v??a, toda la vida te he dicho sobrino. 
>> S??, debemos ser parientes por ah??. 
>> Pero me sorprendi?? que eres de canc??n. 
>> Nac?? en el df, pero la primaria, secundaria la hice en canc??n. 
>> Pero, yo me imagino canc??n para descansar, no para estudiar. 
>> Las pintas eran a la playa y lo interesante es que nuestros juegos eran dedicado a la naturaleza, el ambiente era s??per sano, era inspiraci??n para muchas cosas, en las noches viendo la playa y decidir que hacer con mi vida, hace 25 a??os que estoy aqu??. 

[00:08:32]


>> ??Cu??l crees t?? que es el personaje o la telenovela que te pone en la vitrina?. 
>> Creo que fue so??adoras. 
>> Ah, fue donde ense??aste las pompis. 
>> Es que nunca hab??a ido a la playa y tampoco hab??a conocido el mar. 
>> La imitaci??n es un g??nero de la comedia. 
>> S??, me llaman, arath, soy reinaldo l??pez, tengo un programa para ti. 
>> Pero yo estoy en el cine ahora. 
>> Dime a pepe que me hable, le colgu?? y a los 10 minutos me habla pepe. 
>> ??Qu?? pas???. 
>> Te ar?? ang??lica para un programa, es de imitaciones, hace eso ahora, e donde te debes de concentrar. 
>> A los 5 minutos me llam?? ang??lica. 
>> ??Te hablaron?. 
>> S??. 
>> ??Le entras?. 
>> S??, yo tambi??n. 
>> Bueno, fueron 5 a??os de ??xito. 
>> Luego vienen los simuladores. 
>> S??, es una serie donde me enfrento a otro reto personal, son diferentes a las que hacemos televisi??n. 
>> ??Habr??n simuladores nuevamente?. 

﻿Title: Hoy
Description: Revista de entretenimiento y estilo de vida que presenta consejos de cocina, proyectos caseros, belleza y salud, adem??s de noticias y artistas invitados.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/29/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Muy sensual, pero simpatiquisima. 
>> S??, es una reina. 
>> No dudo que pueda hacer este peonaje. 
>> S??, a juan le gusta mucho imitar. 
>> De hecho por ah?? me enter?? de eso. 
>> S??, lleva mucho tiempo haciendo este video. 
>> ??D??nde nos vamos?. 
>> V??monos a un cortesito, muy buen d??a, buen martes sensacional y tendremos programon, la ??ltima parte con . . 

[00:04:53]


>> Ahora vamos al segmento de res??menes y avances de novelas, adelante chicos. 
>> Me encanta y lleg?? la hora de las telenovelas y ahora nos vamos a "abismo de pasi??n" y anoche vimos las verdaderas inteiones que tiene gaby con su hijo. 
>> S??, es que ese chico es malo, pero te da ternurita, solo lo usa para sus maldades, vamos a ver eso. 
>> Algo es algo ??no? Oye ??por qu?? no vamos a cenar hoy en la noche a m??rida ??s??? Yo creo que nosotros debemos apoyarlos a ellos como amis. 
>> Ya se me hizo tarde, ??vienes?. 
>> No, yo voy sola. ??????. 
>> Pero, es accionista de esa procesadora, nos vamos a quedar t?? y yo, como en los sue??os. 
>> Sigue pensando en elisa, se ha puesto muy fr??o, muy distante. 
>> T?? trata de tenerle paciencia paloma. 
>> Estoy segura que cuando nazca su hijo, las cosas van a cambiar. 
>> Brindemos por la sociedad que nos mantendr?? unidos. 

[00:06:56]


>> No te confudas, todo es por trabajo, no hay manera que me convensas para volver, no pierdas tu tiempo. 
>> La ??nica manera de perder mi tiempo, es estando contigo. 
>> Perd??name. 
>> S?? que no quieres estar conmigo, lo s??. 
>> Sigues pensando en ella. 
>> No importa, t?? eres mi esposa y as?? como tal, te voy a respetar siempre, nunca voy a buscar a nadie para enga??arte, te lo juro, nunca lo voy a hacer. 
>> Retrasado mental, te dije que lo hicieras poco a poco. 
>> Pens?? que te ibas a sentir orgulloso de m??. 
>> Piensa. 
>> No t preocupes, me cuid?? bien las espaldas. 
>> Ahora te quedas dos o tres semanas sin hacer nada . 
>> S?? pap??. 
>> Hola. 
>> Buenos d??as. 
>> ??C??mo est??s? 
>> Bien ??y t???. 
>> ??C??mo es que se conocen ustedes?. ??????. 
>> Ahora resuleta que dami??n y elisa son socios y adem??s son compa??eros de trabajo, pero los dos se est??n muriendo de ganas de estar juntos, no te hagas la dif??cil, vamos a ver el avance de la telenovela. 
>> ??C??mo es que ustedes dos se conocen? ??????. 

[00:09:06]


>> No florencia, si dami??n se negaba a tener relaciones contigo, era por que no estaba enamorado de ti, es lo mismo que est?? pasando a gael contigo. 
>> ??C??mo es que se conocen?. 
>> S??, nos conocimos apenas ayer, la se??ora me llam?? para decirme que estaba pensando en comprar la quinta de mis pap??s. 
>> ??Por qu?? no pediste un tiempo?. 
>> Soy libre de hacer lo que yo quiera y t?? el menos indicado de reclamarme. 
>> Te dije que ten??a un inmenso cari??o. 
>> Ya se les olvid?? lo que les hizo, estando casado con augusto casta????n ??eh? ??????. 
>> Por supuesto que ya est??n saliendo a la luz todas las verdades, est?? loca ella, el amor de ellos no le pueden poner un alto, desde el d??a uno y ??vieron lo que le dijo? Que la dejara en paz. 
>> El peor de todos los tercos, nuevo, ocho centro y ahora nos vamos con "amor brav??o". 
>> Anoche hubo bastante drama, dionisio se pele?? con isadora y tambi??n casi le pegan a nuestro andr??s. 

[00:11:11]


>> T?? me estabas acusando de haber intentado matar a camila, pero ??qu?? ganar??a con eso? Su muerte no nos aportaria en nada. 
>> Pero eso en caso de que hubiera un testamento a su favor. 
>> Lo hay, lo sabes muy bien. 
>> Logr?? sembrarle la duda a dionisio. 
>> Hay m??s posibilidades que cometan errores y as?? demostrar que son culpables de lo que ha pasado. 
>> No son rivales a vencer. 
>> Hoy en la ma??ana estuvo aqu?? isadora y me hizo un comentario que me dej?? perturbada, me pregunt?? si camila ten??a testamento, me parece una pregunta fuera de lugar, sobre todo con lo que pasa con camila. 
>> ??D??nde est??s?. 
>> Al hospital voy, ??necesitas algo?. 
>> S??, quieor el correo electr??nico del escritor de la fot??grafa y de camila, me urge hackear sus cuentas. 
>> Camila tiene un amante. 
>> ??Qu???. 
>> Si, me muero de coraje, pero prefiero que sea de otro antes que dionisio. 
>> Hay que saber ??cu??l de los dos es? Te vas a quedar como una v??ctima y eso nos conviene mucho m??s de lo que t?? crees. 

[00:13:15]


>> Si alonso le dijo a ximena que no le llev?? las flores, no fue, pues fui yo quien se las llev??, s?? que hab??amos quedado que no iba a hacer nada con respecto a camila, pero. 
>> Pero ??qu??? ??Pero qu???. 
>> Pero nos amamos los dos. ??????. 
>> Siempre gana el amor, siempre, as?? es se??ora, como andr??s define lo que pasa con camila, vamos a ver el avance. 
>> S??, u??, tengo miedo a que me rechace, pues la amo m??s que a nada en el mundo y lo hice pues por lo menos un momento, quise vivir nuestro amor. 
>> Rafael, espera rafael. 
>> No me interesa, ya pasaste de moda, no tiene nada que ver con eso, en cambio el dinero, el billete siempre son atractivo. 
>> ??Cu??nto quieres'. 
>> A veces pierde la cabeza. 
>> Eso no lo justifica. 
>> Si quieres irte, vete. ??????. 
>> ??Y estas flores?. 
>> La trajo alonso, es para ti. 

[00:15:20]


>> Si ??l anda con camila, pronto lo sabremos, pero sea quien sea, lo voy a quitar del camino, yo s?? no voy a renunciar a mis planes. 
>> Ay, muy bien, es nuestro querido andr??s, defiende tu amor, y bueno, ??l est?? solterito, viudo pero soltero y la verdad, cambiando de tema, ??qu?? tal ximena? La quiero ahorcar. 
>> Pero bruno est dispuesto a pagar un precio alto por eso. 
>> Recuerden, a las 10, 9 centro y ahora nos vamos con banuchi con su hor??scopo. ??????. 
>> Mis amados due??os del universo. 
>> Aries: Medita en paz. 
>> Tauro: Se abre una puerta para amar. 
>> G??minis: Sentir??s una fe enorme, pon una veladora azul. 
>> C??ncer: Pedir??s paz a tu familia. 
>> Leo: Los angeles te auxilian en todo. 
>> Virgo: La tranquilidad es tu deseo m??s profundo. 
>> Libra: Los angeles te invitan a que endereces tu vida. 

[00:17:26]


>> Escorpio: Pon flores ras en t?? casa. 
>> Sagitario:, Quieres llegar a lugares donde nunca has estado,. 
>> Capricornio: Los angeles del amor est??n de tu lado. 
>> Acuario: Los angeles te ayudan a quitar personas del medio. 
>> Piscis: Suben las energ??as del trabajo. 
>> Estoy aqu?? siempre para recordarte que t?? eres el due??o del universo. 
>> Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", aqu??, por univisi??n. 

[00:22:18]


>> Usted se??ora, y mira, ??por qu?? levantas las manos?. 
>> Es que no sabe donde quiere. 
>> Es que mira, hay men??. 
>> Lo que s?? es un hecho, en el men?? que tenemos, uno de ellos es williams levy y confirma que no estar?? en la obra de teatro "dulce p??jaro de juventud" no sabemos por qu??, pero s?? sabemos que se va a espa??a, ??l formara pae del elenco de una novela, es una academia, cantan y bailan, tienen muchos invitados. 
>> Es una serie de televisi??n. 
>> El har?? de profesor. 
>> Bueno, lo que fue fama en su momento y williams levy se nos va a espa??a y va a volver hablando como espa??ol, como cubano espa??ol. 
>> Es que ya habla as??. 
>> Ya no estar?? en la obra de teatro, voy a pedir que me regresen los boletos. 
>> S??, yo iba a ver el p??jaro. 
>> El que s?? se queda en m??xico es arath de la torre y vamos a presentarle la segunda parte de la web novela. 
>> Bueno nacho ortiz es quien la produce. ??????. 

[00:24:41]


>> A los actores de televisi??n no los llaman para hacer cine por lo mismo. 
>> Antes era as??, pero ahora los grandes actores de cine, est??n haciendo televisi??n y esa fusi??n ya urge en este pa??s, pues la serie simuladores es lo que pretende hacer esa fusi??n y est?? muy intereasnte lo que esta sucediendo, ha costado mucho trabajo, es un proyecto muy noble, a la gente le gusta, y hemos ido aplazando las funciones, laselenovelas venden m??s y la prioridad de la empresa fue de "una familia con suerte" y yo tengo jefes, tengo encomiendas como tal y bueno, fue un ??xito la novela. 
>> La historia de la novela en m??xico, pocos son los hombres que son protagonistas, siempre son las mujeres, recordamos a juan del diablo, pancho l??pez y vamos a recordar a valentino. 
>> As?? es, un persona entra??able, una propuesta diferente, innovadora que cuando me presentan el proyecto, digo, son enchiladas y empiezo a descubrir cosas incre??bles de este nuevo formato, es una web telenovela, se pretenda transmitir?? por www.Univision.Com, y www.Televisa.Com, pretendemos que la gente se quede con nosotros, la idea es crear un personaje que desde que lo vez entrar, ya tiene la vida, y bueno, ah?? est?? valent??n y es un experimento que estamos haciendo, me siento muy orgulloso, si juntas todos los cap??tulos, puedes hacer un largometraje. 

[00:27:42]


>> Lo siento mucho ticha, pero es que tiene que llegar algo. 
>> Te presento a valent??n. 
>> Bueno, pues nacho ortiz te presento a valent??n, esto comienza el 29 de octubre, son 15 cap??tulos deinutos por www.Televisa.Com. 
>> Le invitamos que lo vea. 
>> Ser?? diario. 
>> Ahora les toca a los hombres. 
>> Resulta que ninel condel sacara un calendario 2013, vamos a verlo. 
>> Ah?? est??n las fotograf??as y f??jate, que ella pone su nuevo calendario para el 2012 en el twitter, pero se equivoc??, era 2013. 
>> Pero es que me qued?? metida con eso. 
>> Ac?? dijo, les tengo fotograf??as de mi calendario 2012 y bueno, ah?? est??n las fotograf??as. 
>> Faltan dos meses para que acabe el a??o. 
>> Lo que quiso decir es que hoy 2012, es para el 2013. 
>> Muy bien acompa??ada. 
>> Maravilloso el que la acompa??a. 
>> Pero qu?? abdomen, te odio, ??qu?? le pasa la desgraciada? Tiene mucha disciplina en el gimnasio. 

[00:29:48]


>> Bueno, tambi??n tenemos im??genes para las mujeres, recordar??n a ken, parece de "la barbie". 
>> Pero existe un ken de carne y hueso, un hombre que se ha hecho, 90 operaciones para ser bello de pies a cabeza, vamos a ver la nota. 
>> Usted lo pidi??, desde nueva york lleg?? el primer mu??eco de carne y hueso. 
>> ??l es de nueva york y tiene 32 a??os, se ha sometido a 90 cirug??as para parecerse a la mu??eca m??s famosa del mundo. . 
>> Tiene implantes de siliconas en cuello, labios, pomulos, tr??ceps, biseps. 
>> Revel?? que hasta la fecha ha gastado como 100 mil d??lares en cirug??as. 
>> Expertos aseguran que con el paso del tiempo, la salud de ??l se podr??a verse afectado, pero ??l dice que es un bajo precio por tener un cuerpo perfecto. 

[00:32:05]


>> Tiene cr??ticas por convertirse en una escultura de silic??n. Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", satcha prettochoque final entre presidenciables.Sepultan a joven hispano. La fama de armstrong se derrumbalas afirmaciones sobre politica exterior del presidente barack obama y su rival mitt romney despues del ultimo debate quedaron en la historia..Ahora se enfrentan a la encuesta mas importante... La del 6 de noviembresepultan en miami al joven hispano que fue presuntamente asesinado por su mejor amigo en gainsville, florida.Lance armstrong un icono global del ciclismo y filantropia sigue cayendo con la misma velocidad que imprimia sobre la bicicleta.. HOY ELIMINo DE SU PERFIL DE Twitter los siete titulos del tour de francia que le fueron retirados por dopaje.Mas esta tarde . Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", aqu??, por univisi??n. >;> Bienvenida dulce mar??a, otros comienzan, as?? es, alguien ha visto a lupita, es una pel??cula dirigida por gonzalo justiniano, es una producci??n chilena mexicana, y quiero invitarlos, pues ac?? sale en m??xico el 26. 

[00:37:22]


>> Yo ya la vi, tuve la fortuna de verla y lo que me gust?? que no es una pel??cula boba, la historia va soltando una informaci??n y s?? tiene mucha informaci??n, carmen salinas est?? s??per bien. 
>> Es que mira, tiene unos chistes buen??simos. 
>> El 80% ella lo improviso y qued?? incre??ble. 
>> ??D??nde est?? hecha?. 
>> Una parte en chile, otra en texas, es una ni??a que supuestamente est?? loquita, pero la sociedad est?? m??s loca que ella. 
>> Pero muy fresca, todo el tiempo tienen eso, aunque te est?? tocando temas fuertes y te saca luego luego como un chiste, pero no con el af??n de eso, pero est?? buena y linda. 
>> ??Qui??n la debe ver?. 
>> Es una pel??cula s??per sana, limpia, es para toda la familia, pero los fans de carmelita se van a re??r mucho, tiene un mensaje muy lindo. 
>> Siempre lo d??cimos, pero es muy importante, las primeras semanas de una pel??cula, son las m??s importante, y eso depende el tiempo y as?? que invito a todos para que vayan a verlo. 

[00:39:33]


>> Es que estoy s??per emocionada. 
>> Vayan a verla. 
>> ??Cu??ndo disco o televisi??n?. 
>> S??, ya me voy a ir trabajar con mi disco, empezara el primer sencillo a principios del 2013, estoy componiendo mucho, hay un proyecto de hacer una nueva pel??cula, y ah?? estoy ajustandome. 
>> Por lo pronto estoy enfocada en la m??sica, y bueno, comenc?? con novelas, pero a ver si hay ALG??N PROYECTO M??S ADELANTE i Ahora no puedo p te absorbe mucho. 
>> Gracias por haber venido, no se pierdan el fin de semana. 
>> Ya la vi y me gust?? mucho. ??????. Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", ??????. 

[00:44:48]


>> Ahora vamos al segmento de reumenes y avances de novelas, adelante chicos. 
>> Seguimos con m??s de las telenolas y ayer en "un refugio para el amor" luciana dijo que tiene un enorme deseo para ayudar a ni??os. 
>> A gala se le ocurri?? una nueva maldad, es contra luciana, vamos a verlo. 
>> Quiero ayudar a los ni??os de la calle. 
>> La verdad es que, nunca dejara de soprenderme la nobleza de coraz??n que tienes, pero esto no es lo m??s apropiado, pues estar??s recordando a tu beb?? en todas esas caritas. 
>> No importa pap??. 
>> Gala ??y la ni??a? ??Tampoco vas a cargar a tu hija?. 
>> Yo ya le di suficiente cari??o, no puedo cargarla. 
>> Yo quiero aprovechar para decirle que he tomado una decisi??n en mi vida. 
>> ??Qu?? pas???. 
>> Oscar es buen elemento. 
>> No es para tanto. 
>> Oscar y yo decidimos que a partir de ma??ana viviremos juntos. 
>> En pecado como dos bestias. 

[00:46:50]


>> Gala, solamente te llamo para decirte que te gan??, tengo a mi hija en mis brazos. 
>> Contrataste a un detective. 
>> S??, pues quiero mirarla a los ojos, quiero escuchar su voz, quiero verla. 
>> Ella no atiende en absoluto a la ni??a, contrat?? a una enfermera de 24 horas, pero la verdad, es que prefieryo. 
>> Lo que dar??a por cuidarla y darle de comer. 
>> Ah?? est??, usted no puede, yo no quiero, ahora lo esta viendo, pero ya no lo va a ver, lo voy a llevar con las autoridades. 
>> Pobrecita luciana, como sufre, la falta de su beb??, nada m??s de pensarlo. 
>> No me gustar??a pernsarlo, es inconsevible y a parte la tiene al lado. 
>> Es que mira, es as??. 
>> Usted sabe que se van a llevar a mateo. 

[00:48:54]


(Llanto de beb??) pero nosotros no somos nadie para nadie. >>Ddeber??as alegrarte por ella, se divorcio y desde entonces no hab??a tido un compa??ero. 
>> No renunci?? al amor por dedicarse a sus hijos. 
>> Pero tampoco es una mala mujer. 
>> Le quiero preguntar si le hablo al pediatra. 
>> No, la se??ora est?? descansado, no la moleste. 
>> ??Qu?? hago?. 
>> Enc??rguese. 
>> ??Y la ni??a?. 
>> ??Cu??l ni??a?. 
>> Tu hija gala. 
>> Te la traigo. 
>> No, ??para qu???. 
>> Al menos que te vea un rato con tu hija. 
>> Mira, primero quiero arreglarme, luego me traes a la escuincla. 
>> Si queremos descubrir la verdad, queremos buscarla. 
>> Es que ni como esposa, ni como madre, ni como nada. 
>> Es que se convierte en odio de todo el mundo. 
>> Pero con ese coraz??n de piedra, vamos mejor a "por ella soy eva" pues anoche descubrieron a helena y plucaro besandonse en un restaurante. 
>> Plutarco. 
>> Mi amor, ??c??mo est??s?. 
>> Hola. 
>> No puede ser. 

[00:51:00]


>> Esto s?? me servir??. 
>> Se puede saber ??qu?? diablos est??s haciendo aqu???. 
>> Andas conepadora??. 
>> S??, la amor y ??qu???. 
>> Si no fuer apor ella, no tendr??a ni donde dormir, toda mi vida se la dedique a mi marido y mi casa. 
>> Pero ??qu?? le pasa? Eso de trabajar, ser mam?? y ama de casa. 
>> Si necesita un hombro para llorar, h??galo. 
>> Es que me est?? llevando la tristeza. 
>> Pero no le estar?? contando las cosas al chofer. 
>> Vete. 
>> ??De qu?? se trata?. 
>> No supo decirme bien, pero tiene que ver con cierta informaci??n que juan carlos le pas?? a la competencia. 
>> S??, pero eso se demostr?? antes, ??qu?? m??s te preocupa?. 
>> T??. 
>> No lo acorrales, las cosas se van a dar, aunque lo presiones. 
>> Tambi??n eso s??, pero este es el bueno. 
>> Mira como me tiembla. 
>> Espera, ay??dame, de veras, no s?? como deshacerme de rebeca. 
>> Primero b??jale eso, meditale bien lo que har??s. 

[00:53:02]


>> Primero yo me ocupo de ese rata de dos patas. 
>> Sianur de potasio, raticida, anticongelante. 
>> Y esto, no deja rastros en el organismo de quien lo ingiere. 
>> Vamos a ver quien se deshace de quien. 
>> Ay mam??, te lleg?? la hora cachito. 
>> Pero es que son impredecibles con la maldad, pero estoy muy emocionado, quiero ir al avance. 
>> ??Y esto?. 
>> No deja rastros en el organismo de quien lo ingiere. 
>> Vamos a ver quien se deshace primero de quien, cachito. 
>> Eso es solamente la satisfacci??n de que reconozcan mi trabajo, mi esfuerzo. 
>> Ay, ya. 
>> A m?? se me ocurrir?? algo mil veces peor que su manzana envenenada. 
>> Ahora s?? plutarquito te llevaras el susto de tu vida. 
>> Es que es un consejo de cuates. 

[00:55:03]


>> No te metas con mi esposa. 
>> Tranquil??zate. 
>> ??Se puede saber qu?? est?? pasando aqu???. 
>> Cualquier cosa que quiera, ac?? estoy. ??????. 
>> Es que le falta el aire a cualquier hombre y recuerde que esta noche est??n las novelas ahora nos vamos a un peque??o corte comercial. 
>> No se vaya. Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", aqu??, por univisi??n. 

[01:00:02]


>> Ya se acab??, nada m??s 10. 
>> S??, es una pl??tica larga, una vida de lucha y dolor. 
>> Nunca sab??a que siendo tan jove ella, tiene tanto para contar. 
>> Gloria gracias y vamos a ver la ??ltima parte donde aprendimos a querer un poco m??s a gloria trevy. 
>> Tenemos mucha qu??mica, para platicar, me cuenta sus cosas, ??l dice bueno, t?? eres una mam?? diferente, t?? eres una rock star, nos llevamos bien. 
>> S??, mira, ??l fue una sorpresa, yo estaba con una gira en puerta de 70 y m??s ciudades, ya vendida la gira y me doy cuenta que estoy esperando beb??, me dio un p??nico, los primeros d??as no disfrutaba la noticia, ??qu?? voy hacer? Quer??a ayudar a mi mam??, ten??a que pagar deudas, hipotecas, y hablo con el promotor, que ??l hab??a sido mi amigo, ??l me saca una credencial de un club de gloria trevy, llega ??l y le digo, as?? llorando, estoy embarazada y ??l se queda as??, se sonr??e y me dice, pero no es problema, pero perdiste un hijo y dios te da dos, yo empec?? a llorar, y dije: ??Por qu?? no lo estaba gozando? No hay giras, casas, dinero que se pueda comparar con la dicha de tener un hijo. 

[01:02:58]


>> ??C??mo pudiste, es que te ha tocado fuerte. 
>> S??, ??c??mo te enteras que tu esposoecuestrado?. 
>> Mira, est??bamos llegando a monterrey para los conciertos en mi tierra, estar?? pr??ximamente por all??, el 27 de octubre, me dice, vamos a cenar, le dije, estoy muerta, he tenido 5 d??as de entrevistas, ensayos, necesito dormir, le iba a decir que no fuera, pero me dio flojera que me dijera, no, s??, pero igual iba a ir, entonces, me voy al hotel, me acusto a dormir, me tomo unas pastillas para descansar y bueno, me habla y me dice, estoy terminando de cenar y ahora voy para all??, cuelgo, me quedo dormida, me despierta mi asistente, me dice, gloria t?? eres muy fuerte, yo acababa de hablar con ??l, no pens?? en ??l, pero me dice, ??sabes que? Le digo, d??melo ya. 
>> Me dice, se llevaron a armando. 

[01:04:59]


>> Dije, esto tiene soluci??n, lo vamos a recuperar. Y empec?? a ver que hacer, nada de l??grimas, hasta que lo pude abrazar y estuvimos otra vez juntos. 
>> Le echo muchas ganas, s?? que tengo mil defectos y es lindo saberlo, para cada d??a tratar de superarme y ser mejor, ayudo a hacer tareas, estoy pagando. Est??s cursando escuela. 
>> S??, y en ingl??s. 
>> Por ejemplo, ellos saben que yo estuve en la c??rcel, que fue por muchas mentiras, por eso no hay que decir mentiras. 
>> A ??qu?? juegan?. 
>> Como de chiquitas, luchitas, f??tbol y esas cosas, y yo no s?? muy buen para el f??tbol, pero jugamos a las luchitas, pero soy ni??a, soy ni??a. 
>> Claro. 
>> ??Les cantas?. 
>> S??, y ellos est??n en varias academias, karate, franc??s, piano, ingl??s. 

[01:07:06]


>> Quiero que sean felices, el grande demostr?? que tiene mucha inquietud en lo art??stico, pero si hace alguna cosa de chiquito, ok, pero luego que se ponga a estudiar. 
>> Gracias gloria. 
>> No, gracias a ustedes. 
>> Gracias por abrir tu coraz??n y acercarnos a la mujer, nos haces saber eso, que no importa todas las experiencias que pases, se puede salir adelante, se puede ser feliz y se vale luchar por los sue??os. 
>> Gracias a ti, y esto fue mejor de lo que hab??a so??ado, cuando te ve??a en casa, un beso a todos. 
>> Lo mejor para ti. 
>> Gracias ahora s??. 
>> Lo que yo viv?? ese d??a, fue conmovedor, tienes que ponerte en los zapatos de la gente, fui quien la juzg?? en su momento, es delicioso cambiar de opini??n, bien gloria, gracias. 
>> No te vayas, qu??date aqu?? conmigo. 

[01:09:12]


>> Es de noche, que nadie me despierte. 
>> Du??rmete aqu??. 
>> Oye, te habl?? consuelo. 
>> ??Qu?? consuelo?. 
>> Ese. 
>> Ya du??rmete. Gallinazo. ??????. 
>> Que bonito bailas mi beb??, eres muy tierno. 
>> Venga, te voy a ayudar. 
>> Le voy a hablar a la nana. 
>> Manden a la nana, a la m??s buena. 
>> Ya llegu??, ??qu?? pa?. 
>> Es que mi nene no duerme. 
>> A ver, tenga, tome. 
>> ??Por qu?? le da dinero?. 
>> No lo disfraz?? para pedir calaberista, s?? asusta. 
>> No, as?? es. 
>> Est?? raro el muchacho. 
>> La llam?? pues a cada rato despierta. 
>> No me diga. 
>> A lo mejor no duerme pues le rosa el pa??al, es eso. 
>> No, que ma, quema, que mamacita. 

[01:11:15]


>> Cuidado que trae falda corta. 
>> Te voy a dormir en la arena del gato. 
>> Ya s?? porque no duerme, lo rega??a mucho. 
>> Mejor v??monos a la camita y luego me das el besito. 
>> Perd??n, me proyect??. 
>> Yo estaba hablando del beb??. 
>> Mire, yo creo que est?? as??, pues siempre lo tiene ac?? encerrado. 
>> S??, es que la ??ltima vez se lo llevaron al zool??gico, era tan feo, el parto dur?? tres d??as, el doctor lo sacaba, lo ve??a y lo regresaba. 
>> Estoy bien bruto. 
>> Deber??a de llevarlo de viaje. 
>> Yo creo que deber??a llevarlo de viaje. 
>> S??, s??, me lo quiero llevar de viaje, a estados unidos con mi familiares a illinois. 
>> ??Chicago?. 
>> S??, lo cambie, pero soy muy bueno. 
>> ??Qu?? dijo?. 
>> Que quiere su bal??n. 
>> Siempre est?? jugando f??tbol, a lo mejor ser?? comol chicharito hern??ndez o guardado. 
>> Lo guardaron varias semanas. 
>> Ya no me digas eso. 

[01:13:17]


>> Respeta a tu pap??. 
>> A ver, ??c??mo se llama?. 
>> Despierte. 
>> ??C??mo se llama tu pap???. 
>> Elbo. 
>> ??Elbo?. 
>> El borracho. 
>> Ahora s?? te la ganaste. 
>> No, no, beb??, no, no. 
(Llanto). 
>> ??Qu?? dijo?. 
>> Jhonny, la gente esta muy loca, venga, es que le gusta mucho bailar. 
>> Me gusta cumbia, samba. 
>> ??Te gusta el tango?. 
>> Me gusta el tango, la tanga y tenga. 
>> No, que trae falda corta, ya ll??vatela. 
>> Es peligroso ese chiquitin, vamos a comerciales y vienen las escenas que nos ponen a temblar, buenas tardes, les saluda ricardo arambarri!! De cara a LA JUSTSTaN DOS POLICiAS, POR EL ASESINATO DEL HIJO DE UN POLiTICO!! Una mujer intenta entrar a su casa envuelta en llamas y un oficial la arrastra y la hala por el pelo para evitarlo!! # un inmigrante pierde las piernas mientras trata de alcanzar un sueqo.. A bordo de un tren infernal!! # tras un retiro temporal de los escenarios, carlos vives regresa con un nuevo tema!! HABLAMS CON eL!! HOY, EN Primer impacto. Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", aqu??, por univisi??n. 

[01:18:08]


>> Es esoterismo. 
>> ??C??mo est??s?. 
>> Bien, les traigo algo bien sencillo, el uso de los imanes y mira, todos tenemos inherente algo de imanes, nosotros tenemos imanes comunes y corrientes y podemos hacer maravilla. 
>> ??D??nde los venden?. 
>> En lugares especializados y recuerden que tenemos maqueta en casa, estoy haciendo un poco de magia, que estoy atrayendo a m??, dinerito y se vale, voy a tener un imancito, si ustedes se fijan en la parte positiva. 
>> Pero pongan un im??n con mucho dinerito. 
>> Entonces, quiero tener un cutis de princesa, y vamos a poner un poco de im??n. 

[01:20:15]


>> No te lo vas a pasar, si toda la noche vas a estar toda la noche de agua, te vas a sentir mucho mejor. 
>> Cambia mucho el atomo, tiene una cualidad, el agua, ya sabemos, han hecho investigaciones y si ponemos el vaso en la frente, tendremos agua m??s magnificada. 
>> Voy a pedir salud, si mi est??mago o cualquier otra parte del cuerpo no est?? bien, entonces aqu?? con esta agua que ya trabaj?? la voy a beber y me sentire bien, hasta problemas graves pueden curarse, por ??ltimo voy a poner un poco de comida, voy a trabajar con agua para hacer mi caf??,i comida y sobre todo saber que puedo manejar, absolutamente todo lo que yo quiera con mi mente, es de utilidad par las plantas, reguen sus plantas, p??ngalo junto al jab??n de ba??o, y sobre todo la mente, si ustedes est??n pensando mal, si nos enojamos, vamos a ponerlo como gorritos, vamos a hacer magia, mi garganta pues de repente hablo demasiado, mi coraz??n, mi est??mago y hasta en los pies, vamos a poner imanes en los zapatos, les recuerdo, eso va bien con la belleza y tambi??n va bien con ustedes, muchisimas gracias y gracias por todo, un beso magnetizado. 

[01:23:18]


>> Ven para ac??, cambiamos fusible y s??, lo que haremos es como clavar un clavo normal y un elemento sorpresa. 
>> Un elemento que se usa mucho en las fiestas, celebraciones. 
>> Ah?? lo vamos a ver. ??????. 
>> Por lo general, cuando intentamos clavar un clavo convencional en una pared de conreto, esto es lo que tenemos. Hace falta mucha fuerza o herramientas especiales, no, solo necesitamos un clavo com??n y corriente y este peque??in, le voy a mostrar com introducir el clavo en el corcho y luego utilizamos cualquier herramienta cortante para retirar el corcho y problema resuelto, cuando hay voluntad, no hay problemas que se registra, hasta la pr??xima. 

[01:25:27]


>> Es cierto, que buena idea lo del corcho. 
>> Es que s?? funciona. 
>> Hay diferentes superficies y vas a buscar el clavo indicado. 
>> Es que s?? es importante buscar un clavo adecuado. 
>> El corcho sirve para que la misma fuerza no lo doble. 
>> Oye, pero pablito clavo un clavito. 
>> Pablito clav?? un clavito. 
>> Pablito clav?? un clavito. 
>> Nachito clav?? un clavito. Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", habla satcha pretto.Recta final presidencialinsolito asaltoadelgaza reputacion organica sobredosis de adrenalina en la campaqa presidencial tras terminar los rigurosos debates y empezar la batalla final por el voto independiente. Barack obama y mitt romney usaran todo su arsenal politico posible para conquistarlo en las proximas dos semanas."Tanto ruido para muy poca musica" ocurrio con estos ladrones que derribaron la puerta de una tienda en michigan para robarse solo cigarrillos y licor. La comida organica sigue perdiendo peso cientifico. Un estudio concluyo que para los niqos no resulta mejor que los alimentos convencionales porque ambos tienen los mismos nutrientes. 

[01:30:46]


>> Esp??rese. 
>> Chupame la sangre y si te emborrachas, ??rale. 
>> Ahora vamos, como el personaje que en la vida personal lo marcan. 
>> Acu??rdate de uno. 
>> S??, el del dinero, salud, dinero y amor. 
>> Vamos a ver este reportaje de actores, no se pudieron quitar el personaje. 
>> Una pel??cula no es solo un gran gui??n, contar con un buen personaje hace que la pel??cula ganen un lugar privilegiado en la memoria. 
>> Imposible hablar del padrino, sin mencionar a marlon brandon, pero su hijo es la pieza, ??l se qued?? clavado en nuestra mente con su frase. 
>> Tambi??n cuando vemos a harrison ford lo identificamos con el personaje de indiana jones, luego de su interpretaci??n en esa pel??cula, anthony hizo que todo el p??blico olvidara esa sensaci??n fr??a, que lejos de odiarlo, despierta inter??s ent oscar en todos. 

[01:33:01]


>> El rostro p??lido de labios rojos, se volvieron inconfundibles y lo volvieron en uno de los piratas. 
>> El actor supo crear una mezcla. 
>> El se convirti?? en el estandarte de las mujeres, debido a que el papel pas?? a ser un manojo de nervios, nada fue lo mismo para la actriz, luego de interpretar a varios papeles. 
>> Ahora el actor, puede protagonizar nuevos films. 
>> Luego de m??s de 5 pel??culas de pesadilla, imposible no mencionar al actor que no lo vinculamos con el personaje. 
>> El interpretoo a hulk, luego de epintarse al hombre de verde, el actor batall?? mucho y lo relacionaba con bruce banner. 

[01:35:04]


>> Luego del papel en la serie de sex and the city, nadie pod??a dejar de ubicar a la rubia como la columnista adicta a la moda, no hay que olvidar que los actores prestan su cuerpo para estos proyectos. 
>> Oye, ???? tal? El hulk es maravilloso, es indiscutible verlo y no acordarse. 
>> Luego el del coche, tambi??n este cuate. 
>> Los nacionales tambi??n, lucho dom??nguez, catalina ortiz. 
>> Tambi??n juan del diablo. 
>> S??, hizo a la t??a evangelina. 
>> Es que por fin llegaron. 
>> Estamos listos, se llama el mercado latino. 
>> Chambritas. 
>> Te voy a dar 30. 
>> Eso es en las vegas. 
>> S??, es que estaba bien borracha. 
>> Es que son filosas todas. 
>> Mira el camar??grafo. 
>> Se le desarmo??, que b??rbaro. 

[01:37:12]


>> Mira, es el famos, miral cuello. 
>> El conocimiento cae encima de ustedes,m??ralo, se es sacando un mocasin. 
>> Este cu??nto que no se da cuenta, pero mira, no se da cuenta que le esta rompiendo todo y sigue. 
>> Es peligroso, sali?? por ah??, . 

[01:40:34]


>> Gracias ni??as y ni??os, continuamos con m??s de "hoy", 
>> se acab?? el programa y queremos agradecer a patricia casta??eda, muchas gracias y a todos los amigos que nos siguen por univisi??n, la casa de todos, adem??s el mejor resumen y sobre todo mucho, mucho buen humor y mucho amor. 

[01:45:23]


>> Ando manejando la redundancia. 
>> Hasta ma??ana. 
>> ??Buscas a alguien? 
>> S??, este, a la se??ora de la casa. que vine a buscar unas 

﻿Title: Inside Edition - Rower Rape
Description: A woman rowing for cancer is assaulted.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>>> I'm sorry, mr. President. On who said he wanted to punch out the ent. What he said to obama. 
>> What is he saying there? 
>> Ann coulter outrage. Has she finally gone too far. 
>> What a stupid shallow thing to say, ann. 
>> Then hotel room dangers. The shocking security flaw. 
>> You plug that in and the lock just opened. 
>> That easy 
>> I just got in. 
>> Kelly ripa's new cohost, michael strahan. 
>> I'm a black man and here is this cute white lady. 
>> And why he wants everyone to know he is not an adulterer. 
>> Plus, the light of life. 
>> I love you. 
>> Why little brianna has to sleep under lights to stay alive. 
>> Then, honey snooze snooze. 
>> Is she sleeping? 
>> And let the baby making begin. 
>> Falling with the stars. 
>> Oh. 
>> Now "inside edition" in hig definition with deborah norville. 
>>> Deborah: Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining us. It's a race to the finish with only two weeks before the election. Last night's final debate was marked by sharp comments and down right disagreement. It also marked the first meeting of the president and mitt romney's son tagg ever since tagg said he wanted to take a swing at the president. We have experts watching for what you didn't hear on television. It turns out tagg romney personally told the president he's sorry. 
>> I'm sorry, mr. President. Tagg romney is burying the hatchet with president obama. She shake hands then tagg pats the president on the back and apologizes. 
>> What is he saying there? 
>> He is saying I'm sorry. 
>> He was apologizing about the crack he made about wanting to take a swing at the president. For going after his dad in the last debate. 

[00:02:05]


>> We asked a lip reader to tell us what was being said in private when the mics were turned off. 
>> I'm sorry. I'm so --i didn't mean --to which the president says something to the effect of i know that. You can see mitt romney looking on as he watches the exchange between his rival and his son. 
>> Interesting dynamic. See how as obama was walking away, he holds up his hands like I need to regain my alpha male here. It was a great interaction between the two. 
>> A body language experts gave us her take on the candidate's performance. 
>> Obama used much more gestures than romney. The bigger the gesture the more the audience absorbs. Romney did really well because he has a lot of passion in his facial expressions. They both had power points. 
>> There were contentious moments. 
>> Iran. 
>> For many the highlight was the president's crack about bayonets. 
>> You mentioned the navy for example. We have fewer ships than 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. Backstage paul boyd got reaction from the spin room. 
>> I have two sons in the military. They train with the bayonets. Every soldier in the military is trained to use a bayonet. You would think the commander in chief would know that. 
>> Did that cross the line? Was that disrespect full? How did that play out to you. 
>> A smart way of explaining it. 
>> An overnight cbs poll shows obama the clear winner with 53% calling it for the president. 23% for romney and 24% a tie. A new daily tracking poll of daily voters puts romney ahead in the race at 50% and obama at 46%. The debate was held at lynn university in boca raton. Thars and stripes were the der of the day at a presidential pool party. 
>> Only in southern florida do you have a presidential debate on this side of the campus and presidential pool party on this side. 

[00:04:11]


>> It was clear from the smiles that everyone is relieved the debates are over. Ann romney held on tight to her husband to keep him from falling as he reached out to greet folks in the front row. One of the evening's unexpected stars was 4-year-old miles romney, mitt's grandson. He and the president shook hands and chatted away like old pals. 
>> Thoh the election is NOVEMBER 6th, AN ESTIMATED 4.6 Million americans have cast ballots in early voting. 
>>> Ann coulter is on the receiving end of criticism from liberals and conservatives thanks to the way she described the president after the debate. She polk to let trent. 
>> Ann, you got yourself into it again. 
>> Ann coulter is at it again causing outrage across the country for something she tweeted during the debate monday night. 
>> I highly approve of romney's decision to be kind and gentle to the retard. 
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, there was a little turmoil after the debate with conservatives thinking romney should have hit harder. I thought he looked presidential. 
>> I'm talking about the word retard. 
>> No, please, not the word. 
>> Come on. 
>> Not come on. We need an encyclopedia of the words we can't use. 
>> Coulter author of the new book mugged, woke to a firestorm today. The word she used was so offensive even her conservative buddies are calling her out. Michelle malkin tweeted what a stupid shallow thing to say, ann. >>T's a surprise coming from someone who is my competitor and constantly complaining about everything i say. 
>> You don't apologize for the use of that word. 
>> No, stop taking words off the english language that we are allowed to use. I can't stand this political correctness. 
>> Later in the broadcast, we will have more from the campaign trail including whether or not ann romney is being snugged by the fashion world. 

[00:06:17]


>>> Other news, it's a terrifying fact. You may not be as safe in your hotel room as you thought you were. In fact, hackers found a way to break into some of the electronic hotel door locks. As megan alexander reports, so far that safety flaw has not been fixed. 
>> Watch how easy it is for this guy to break into your hotel room. In seconds he hacks the electronic door lock without using a hotel key card. Just a small homemade device in the palm of his hands. 
>> We are in a hotel room. I want to show you how he see it is to break in with this device. I locked the door as well as used the dead bolt. 
>> I just got in. 
>> He first discovered the shocking security flaw that everyone that stays in a hotel needs to know. 
>> There is a hole at the bottom. You plug that in and the lock st opened. 
>> That easy. 
>> Yep. 
>> Nothing to it. 
>> The problem centers on a particular model of hotel door locks that can be found at holiday inns and other hotel chains. The lock is made by onity whose web site describes itself as the world leading provider of electronic location. 
>> People are absolutely in danger with this. 
>> The alarming discovery is spreading like wildfire over the internet spawning videos how to make your own device to hack electronic hotel locks. Look at this device. It's disguised as a plain magic marker that plugs in the lock. 
>> Two seconds I'm in. 
>> Pat brosnan showed us how a hacker could go door to door on every room in this floor we asked what you could do to protect yourself. 
>> Use common sense. Put your valuables in a sense, don't leave them in a room. 
>> He said if you think the metal latch on the door is sufficient security, think again. 
>> A kid could push this doo in. 
>> A spokesperson for onity says the company is working with its customers t] fix the problem. Until all the hotel locks are fixed, listen to what our security expert says. 

[00:08:29]


>> You can't think for one second that you are safe and secure in a hotel. This is a real nightmare. 
>> There is no word how many location are vulnerable. The parent company of holiday inn says they are working with onity to expedite the fix to the locks and the hotel went to should have received the parts to fix the problem today. 
>>> He is the new cohost with kelly ripa. Michael strahan is a hit on morning television. Now he is talking about how he got to replace regis philbin and addressing an ugly rumor saying he is not an adulterer. 
>> Kelly ripa and michael strahan. He silenced the doubters and michael strahan knows it. 
>> That was a great way to come out. I feel invigorated. 
>> He concedes that he seems like an odd choice to take over regis philbin's seat. 
>> I am a black man and here is this cute white lady. 
>> The revealing interview with strahan airs wednesday on real sports with bryant gumble. 
>> I think when I said I'm big and she is small, they went -- I'm an athlete and not known for pop culture. I think all those things made them go, wow, this is something different. 
>> The decision to pick strahan as kelly's new cohost rather than other candidates now seems like a stroke of genius. Ratings are up 3%. "Live with kelly and michael" is the number two rated talk show behind dr. Phil. Strahan talks about his split from ex-wife jean, reviving memories from their headlines in the divorce in 2006. Strahan says the worst of it was reading all these things in the paper that aren't true. I'm not an adulterer. I'm not gay. I didn't beat anybody. I just kept on being myself and it worked. Strahan is now looking forward to his marriage to eddie murphy's ex-wife nicole. A wedding in the works, a hit tv show under his belt, touchdown. 

[00:10:36]


>> No word when they will get married but she will te strahan as her last name when she does. 
>>> Sometimes love doesn't last as long as the tattoo. That is something eva longoria is learning as she tries to erase the memories of her ex. 
>> That red splotch on the back of her neck used to be a tattoo. It said nine, the number of ex- husband tony parker from the san antonio spurs who broke her heart with his alleged cheating ways. Eva underwent painful laser procedure to have it removed. The last trace of a broken marriage gone for. 
>>> It's honey boo boo as you have never seen her catching a few winks in the middle of an interview with dr. Drew. 
>> Is she sleeping? 
>> Dr. Drew seemed astonished by the normally hyperactive child's transformation to honey snooze snooze. 
>> Is there something exciting you would like to talk about? 
>> For once she had nothing to say. 
>> Honey boo boo's show is on hiatus until the holidays when they plan a number of specials. 
>>> Next, ann romney. 
>> Is she really being snubbed by the nation's top fashion designers. 
>> Then, the light of life. 
>> I love you. 
>> Why little brianna has to sleep under lights just to stay alive. 
>> And -- 
>> let the baby making begin. 
>> Falling with not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTTTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:12:38]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This ng gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it wh you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. 
>>> Airport security breach exclusive. Next "inside edition." How did this guy on a jet ski ride up to one of the nation's busiest airports, climb a fence and stroll into the terminal. You won't believe what happens next. Then, how could anyone blow $110 million. 
>> Are you broke? 
>> Fortune lost. Watch the next "inside edition." 

[00:14:39]


>>> Lots of action on "dancing with the stars." Some of the biggest moves came from the judge's panel where it was falling with the stars. 
>> Call it falling with the stars. 
>> Oh. 
>> Judge carrie ann inaba gets so carried away, she falls off her chair on "dancing with the stars." Watch what happens. 
>> Let the baby making begin. That was -- 
>> oh. 
>> Carrie ann got worked up by the dance. He rushed to her side to help her up. Carrie ann got a standing ovation. 
>> When you said let the baby making begin I didn't think you would get in position. 
>>> Check out revenge star emily van camp posing sexy poses for gq. In this behind the scenes footage she poses in a black peekaboo outfit. You can sigh more of emily in the november issue of gq. 
>> That issue hits newsstands on friday. 
>>> Now the other race, the inevitable comparisons between the fashion choices of michelle obama and ann romney. Some are wondering if mrs. Romney is being snubbed by 7th avenue. 
>> First lady michelle obama is getting high marks for her fashion choice at the final debate. She actually wore this gray and black lace dress one month ago at the democratic national convention. Even though she recycled something from her closet she has all the fashion choices in the world. She is the darling of the fashionistas everywhere. Many are saying things aren't easy for ann romney. Designers aren't clammering to dress her. In fact, the web site business insider blares why the fashion industry wrongly snubs ann romney. 
>> The fashion industry leans left. The vast majority of campaign contribution from the fashion industry went to president obama. So, ann romney faces an uphill battle by being recognized by anyone in the fashion industry. 

[00:16:50]


>> After michelle obama wore this dress to deliver her speech at the democratic national convention, the designer immediately tweeted we are grateful and honored to have dressed mrs. Obama for such a momentous speech. After ann romney wore this dress, not a peep from the designer. Get this, when ann wore this diane von furstenberg geometric print dress a spokesperson for the designer said in a statement, we are not quite sure how ann obtained the dress. No designer wants to cross vogue powerful editor in chief, a leading obama supporter. 
>> She is the most powerful women in fashion. If you get on her bad side that could mean bad thing for your brand. 
>> She cohosted a fund-raiser for obama earlier this year. 
>> Ann romney wore a silk green top and floral skirt a look that the daily beast called a little frumpy. Most people think ann looks great, even if she doesn't have the full support of the fashion industry. 
>> Both wives are making television appearance. On thursday mrs. Romney on rachael ray and mrs. Obama or jimmy kimmel. We will be back with more after this. 
>> Still to come, the light of life. 
>> I love you. 
>> Why little brianna has to sleep under lights just to stay alive. Closed caption sponsorship for "inside edition" is brought to you by. 
>> Stay tuned, there is more "inside edition" to come. 
>> Go to "inside edition".Com and check out our brand-new look. Ring. Progresso. In what world do potatoes, bacon and cheese add up to 100 calories? Your world. ?????? ?????? 

[00:19:22]


[ whispers ] Real bacon... Creamy cheese... 
[ whispers ] 100 calories... [ Chef ] Ma'am 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. over choices of Green Giant vegetables it's easy to eat like a giant... ?????? ?????? and feel like a Green Giant. ?????? ?????? Ho Ho Ho ?????? Green Giant ?????? flavor. Experts in aroma. They're the world championship cheese judges. 
[ air horn blowing ] And while they might seem kind of odd to you -- like this guy -- we just love them. And at the2 championship, they awarded cracker barrel gold for cheddar for its rich, full flavor. Thanks cheese geniuses. Cracker barrel. It's cheddar, perfected. 
>>> Deborah: She is an adorable girl with a big challenge thanks to a genetic roll of the dice. She manages the disease sleeping under the light of life. 

[00:21:30]


>> This girl isn't at a tanning salon. She is in her bedroom. She needs to spend 12 hours a day under ultraviolet lights to stay alive. 
>> It helps me not to turn yellow. 
>> When brianna and her family travel they have to take along this portable u.V. Light box. 
>> It's comfortable. 
>> Her body has become dependent on the lights. 
>> As a baby, her skin color was yellow. 
>> Her parents thought it was juandise. Then a devastating diagnosis. Brianna had one of the rarest diseases on earth. There are only 200 known cases worldwide. Without uv light her skin and the whites of her eyes will turn yellow. 
>> You can see a tinge of yellow. 
>> Her liver cannot break down bilirubin. If it gets high enough, the effects can be a lot worse than turning yellow. 
>> It can build up to a toxic or dangerous level in the brain. 
>> It turns out both parents carry the rare gene. The chances of them meeting and having a child with this syndrome a staggering 500 million to one. 
>> It tastes yucky. 
>> She takes a daily dose of a powerful barbituate to keep her calm. 
>> When she cried her tears are yellow. 
>> Bob says his little girl has come to him with questions that no dad should have to answer. 
>> With tears coming down her eyes asking what will happen to me. For a 9-year-old to ask you that kind of question, it's heart wrenching. 
>> Night has fallen. Daits until brianna is asleep to pull off her covers and turn on this light, the light of life for this brave little girl. 
>> I love you. 
>> Despite the hardships, brianna is a straight a student at school and her parents say every day they are in awe of her strength. 

[00:23:35]


>>> Deborah: When we come back, halloween lights gone gone gangm style. 
>> Stay tuned, there is more "inside edition"tuned, there is more "inside edition" to come. 
>>> Forget about christmas lights. Halloween is lighting up the night and you can dance to it. 

[00:25:37]


>> Travel consideration provided by. 
>>> Stay tuned, there is more "inside edit 
>>> finally you new this would hagangnam style dancing has gone halloween. Everybody is checking out to check a chore re0 graphed light show -- corey 0 graphed house sing. Watch the light show. ??????[ Music ]?????? 

[00:27:55]


>> gangnam style. 
>> No matter how annoying your neighbors, what would it be to live next door to that. It took 8500 lights to make it happen. How on earth are they going to top it ??q??xd??t 
>>> next -- 
>> we have another chris brown update. 
>> Oh,hell no. 
>> Taylor swift's final hours of america's sweetheart? Meet america's new mean girl. 

﻿Title: Jansing and Co.
Description: Anchor Chris Jansing discusses the day's important issues with informed guests.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/18/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Now. Here's my plan for the next four years. Making education and training a national priori building on our manufacturing goal. Boosting american made energy. Reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more. 
>> Last night, the president was certainly aggressive. Romney may have played it safe but made no major mistakes and his supporters also declared victory. Analysts point out there's agreement on many key issues. On style, the president with zingers an pulled out the most quoted one when romney mentioned the navy. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent time looking at how the military works. You mentioned navy, for example. Fewer ships than in 1916. Governor, we fewer horses than bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. 
>> I want to bring in dana mill bank for "the washington post" and melissa dowdy for the associated press. Good morning. 
>> Good morning, chris. 
>> Good morning. 
>> Let's play this with john McCAIN. 
>> I don't understand why the president seems to want to take these kind of cheap shots. Bayonets and horses. What's that all about? You know? When I debated then senator obama, I didn't criticize or belittle his lack of experience on national security issues. And he seemed to take these cheap shots. 
>> Was it a cheap shot, liz, or make an important point? 
>> I think what it did is fire up the democratic base. Much like how the public received joe biden, democrats loved his aggressiveness and republicans kind of, you know, criticized it. The same thing is happening today. Democrats are saying obama was totally on fire. His snark was well received on the democratic side. The republicans are not as open to that and so I think with the strategy is that the democrats know and obama knows he has to fire up the base and seeing last night. 

[00:02:13]


>> He did take a pretty sharp tone. Let's play clips here. Some of the things over the course of the night. 
>> Your strategy previously has been one that's been all over the map and is not designed to keep americans safe or to build on the opportunities that exist in the middle east. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east. 
>> On the obama side, in terms of strategy, dana, do you think that the president is nervous? Do you think that the campaign made a ecision? We need to try to take mitt romney down a notch? 
>> Chris, it was surprising how aggressive the president was last night and it does suggest a sense that he at least internally in the campaign that they feel that he's in an underdog position which I think comes as a bit of a surprise to those of us looking at the national polls of being a close race but not with the president at this point looking like a losing position and certainly the opposite true of romney. He seemed to not want to get -- mix it up with obama, to stay above the fray. I think a lot of this was compensation for that awful first debate the president had when the roles were entirely reversed but it is probably difficult no matter how aggressive he was in the subsequent two to erase that position -- opinion he left in the first. 
>> Over on the romney side in terms of strategy, do you thin it was do no harm? Maybe saying, look, foreign policy debate probably won't change debates unless I do something really stupid. 
>> I think what's happening here is the romney campaign is looking at the momentum thinking that, you know, they're on a glide path here and that their momentum will help them rise in the states. I think the challenge here is how do they get to 270? These national polls, you know, indicate momentum but really this is won state by state so i think they went in to last night saying,ou know, if we can make undecided voters believe that, you know, that he is not a warmonger, that he is not going to be, you know wanting to wage war everywhere and if we can take a more moderate position on th issues and, again, not screw up, that they think they have -- will have convinced voters that romney meets the threshold to be a commander in chief. 

[00:04:33]


>> Let me play for you a line from joe biden this morning doing the postgame analysis. 
>> The attacks being made by our friends seem to change every day. I mean, they changed their -- they've gone from rattling the saber to, you know, being doves carrying, you know, you know, a peace. I don't know what they stand for. 
>> Is that the message we're going to hear forward now for 13 days you don't know what mitt romney stands for, whether it's foreign policy or anything else, dina? 
>> Biden seemed almost at a loss for words there. I went in to last night's debate looking for more of that neo-con aggressive position from romney and surprising and at least obama adapted to that this time opposed to being thrown for a loop as he was in the first debate. Clearly he is now going for that independent voter. Does this sort of thing work? It seems to those of us following this very closely that it's obvious that the positions are changing week to week, day-to-day but, you knowwhat? If you're still undecided voter yoprobably haven't been paying attention to every little nuance. 
>> Let's bring in professor nicolas burns. Good to see you, professor. Good morning. 
>> Good morning. 
>> To this whole point of what the overarching argument seems to be on the obama team of a constantly changing opinion, position by mitt romney, you wrote in "the boston globe" way BACK ON AUGUST 30th, ROMNEY'S Most important hurd sl that he's not given the voters a full sense of what he hopes to accomplish internationally as president. Do you think since august 30th and last night he has accomplished that? 
>> No, I don't. I think it was a striking debate for that reason. When you run for president and you want to be commander in chief and the nation's chief diplomat I think we voters expect the candidates have a coherent world view and a consistent set of principles and positions on the major issues and what was really striking to me about last night's debate was that -- this dramatic shift to the center by governor romney. If you go back over all the republican debates he had over a year, go through the website, what he said on iran, iraq, afghanistan and russia last night was in sharp contrast of what he said before and I think this is a problem for him. Because, you know, we are really looking for judgments here, we are looking for experience. We are looking for -- does this person have a sense of the world to negotiate these really complex challenges ahead of us? And I thought he put out a confusing picture last night on that score. 

[00:07:13]


>> Ambassador, both candidates made it clear that prevention of a nuclear iran was their objective but romney says, look, I want crippling sanctions and called for indicted ahmadinejad under the genocide convention. What about that kind of tough talk? 
>> It's just that, tough talk. If you look at the position of governor romney on iran, he says that there's a disagreement with president obama but it's hard to point to it because president obama and I was in the bush administration helping on iran policy. President obama has strengthened the bush policy. Taken it much further on sanctions than president bush did. And so, therefore, I think we're really looking at an issue here where there really aren't sharp differences but governor romney says there are. 
>> Israel, a key issue and number of battleground states, most obviously florida but ohio, arizona, nevada. Romney attacked the president for saying he would create daylight between the u.S. And israel. 
>> I will stand with israel if they are attacked. 
>> On several occasions, the president underscored his support for israel. Do you think that last night any minds were changed on that issue? 
>> Well, it's hard to say. You know, when's unusual about the relationship with israel right now is there have been a number of public disagreements between the obama administration and the israeli governmentrik minister netanyahu. I think that governor romney sought that opening to make that distinction but in reality the u.S. Has been very supportive. The president mentioned the iron dome, anti-missile system that prevents israelis from gaza, rockets and intelligence relationship with israel is particularly pronounced in this administration. So here again, I think we're probably not looking at much of a difference between what the two individuals would do regarding israel. 
>> And there are a lot of issues last night where clearly they agreed but I want to underscore the point you made. You were appointed by george w. Bush and seem critical of mitt romney last night and you have been generally and we talked about that "boston globe" op-ed that you wrot what did he do not last night? What makes you uneasy and is there something you think makes someone uneasy? 

[00:09:36]


>> I was neutral politically throughout my career but what i think president obama has a very solid record in international politics by any objective criteria. I think that governor romney has brought a lot of good ideas to this campaign. He wants strong american leadership. Who's going to argue with that? He's connecting our domestic economic problems to our international record which is also I think a strong point for him to make. We have to have a solid base here at home but what he hasn't done and I thinke needs to do is present a more sophisticated, complete screw of whatis foreign policy would look like and we really didn't get that kind of insight I think last evening. 
>> Ambassador burns, good to have you on the program. Thank you so much for taking the time. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Let me talk a little bit more of what's going on right now ann show the picture. The president has a big really going on in delray beach, florida, but using it as an opportunity to answer when's a big criticism. What's the plan for the next four years? Forward there on the sign. He's printing, actually, 3.5 million copies of his plan called "the new economic patriotism" outlining manufacturing, education, taxes, deficit reduction, health care and entitlements. Dana, what do you make of that? Is that an answer? 
>> Well, he's got a lot of plans with 3.5 million copies of it, but, you know, essentially this is saying here's the various things that I have been talking about all along. I don't think anybody is going to read through this and say, page 26, uh-huh, a new proposal here. It's not a mystery of what he would do in a second term because we see what he's been doing in the first term. It's not exactly clear which policies he would be pursuing particularly regarding taxes and the debt. On foreign policy it was quite clear as nick burns was saying agreeing with obama on a large number of issues. 
>> In the big picture, I'll read something that frank rooney wrote this morning in "the new york times." These presidential debates gave us su blim drama. The first one scrambling the race's momentum. The second one flavored with enough disdain for a "real housewives" season and then the ill will. Romney ceding the part of bully on obama who took it on too arrogantly at times. Three down. The debate drama is over, liz. Moving forward, was it really just the first debate that changed things? What might happen in the next two weeks that could change things because we are at 47-47? 

[00:12:16]


>> Right. I think what you need to watch for is a couple of different things. What the debate season did is take us back to where we were before the conventions which was a very, very tight race. In the next two weeks, you will see closing arguments. We have seen obama start to make his but you will see another jobs report and that's going to come next friday and I think that's going to be really the last pivotal moment that is not -- manufactured by either campaigns but just a natural, you know, potential pivot point within this race. At the same time, you know, look. We have a third of the country will have voted already in early voting by that time and the votes are banked so it's either person's to win and I go back to what I was saying earlier. This is all about math and state by state and who can reach 270. And at this point, you know, you still have to when you go state by state give obama the edge. Not to say romney can't do it but the path is narrower and more of -- it's a tighter course for him to get there so, you know, you have to look at the ture here. 
>> To your point, we'll talk about the strategic decisions are going to be made in the next n couple of weeks to move the needle. Great to see both of you. Thank you so much. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> We are watching for the president due to speak at any time in delray beach. Little later on, traveling to dayton, ohio, meeting up with vth den. 
>>> Programming note. This week, brian williams joins president obama for a series of interviews over the course of two days on the campaign trail. See them on "rock center" thursday with previews on "nightly news" and the "today" show. With our revolutionary e-trade 360 dashboard you see exactly where your money is and what it's doing live. Our e-trade pro platform offers powerful functionality that's still so usable you'll actually use it. And our mobile apps are the ultimate in wherever whenever investing. No matter what kind of investor you are, you'll find the technology to help you become a better one at e-trade. have condition, you can take your medication using an inhaler, OR THIS, A PORTABLE NEBULIZER FROM Med4Home. Independent studies have shown a nebulizer may be more effective and easier to use than just an inhaler. ?????? ?????? impressive. It's like getting hospital-quality treatment at home. SO CALL Med4Home TODAY TO FIND OUT MORE. Med4Home IS A SPECIALITY PHARMACY THAT'S Here to help you however they can. Ppthey'll deal with your doctor... Ttthe paperwork... Rreven ship for free. Rrand their pharmacists pand respiratory therapists rrare available, 24/7. What's more, your nebulizer and medications may even be covered by your part b benefits for a better treatment, at a much better price. Nebulizer can help you start breathingttbetter today. For more informationrrcall 1-800-210-8390. ?????? ?????? 

[00:17:10]


>>> iran, israel, syria. There's a lot of foreign policy last night but coming to style points, who won? Let mess bring in general wesley clark, obama campaign adviser and host of "stars earned stripes" on nbc. Always good to see you, general. Good morning. 
>> Thank you. Nice to be with you. 
>> I think a lot of people watching the debate last night may not be familiar with the intricacies of the countries or middle eastern policy but they do look for somebody comfortable with the finger on the button as we used to say. Do you think mitt romney passed the commanderef test last night? 
>> Well, actually, he didn't. The thing is when he goes out to partisan rallies, he tries to say his positions are different than the president's. That he's going to be tougher, stronger, meaner, more macho, more robust, greater resolve, greater force, more powerful. But when you pin him down on exactly what he would do, he has the same positions as the president and so he actually didn't pass the test because you can't say one thing in one place and something else somewhere else. Foreign policy is built on the reputation of the president. And the commander in chief for clear vision and strong resolve, for consistency. That's what mitt romney failed on last night. 
>> Let me play for you the analysis of the running mating this morning. Here it is. 
>> We saw a man with a command of the facts, with the kind of temperament and demeanor that makes for a great president. 
>> Commandermaf the facts and the temper and demeanor. There are a lot of analysts saying that he played it safe but also he didn't do himself any major injustice and to be fair there were some differences in the way they would approach, r example, china, tougher sanctions. A variety of things where he finitely tried to differentiate himself. What is it that you think about the president that made him such the winner last night? Because that sounds like what you're saying. 

[00:19:20]


>> Well, I think the president fully explained what he did, why he did it. He linked it back to a larger vision. Really to his empathy for human affairs, for men and women in the united states and abroad. And I think when you're a leader you have to be in touch with reality. The world's not a chess board. It is not some abstract game. It's about man and women. It is about men going off to war. Women beg, civilians being killed. It is about using force as a last, last, last resort. It's not about bluster a chess boarding. It is really about how to navigate a way forward in a complex and dangerous world that's safe and secure. And I think that's what the president showed. Governor romney simply avoided reinforcing the positions he's tried to te in partisan presentations to play it safe. He wanted to sound like he was safe and secure. He mouthed the words, he repeated the phrases of the president. But the president's actually done it. He's made the judgments and decisions. There's a huge difference. 
>> Well, there were quite a few points of agreement but also something that mitt romney repeated over and over again last night. Here it is. 
>> We can't kill our way out of is mess. We're going to have to do more than going after leaders and killing bad guys. 
>> Obviously, he was talking about bin laden, about the hierarchy of al qaeda. And it seemed to be his way of suggesting that the president may have gotten bin laden, obviously he did that, but that's not solved the overall problem we have in that region and if there is an oversimplification of this it's on the president's part when he says that we got bin laden. Does he have a point? 
>> No, he doesn't have a point. Listen. That's the same line I was using when I ran for president in 2003 against george w. Bush. It's a same line president obama used when he was running for esident. Of course we can't kill our way out of the problem. That's why the president has a broad array of diplomatic and economic and humanitarian and legal measures under way. The president's sengthened the cooperation with allies, we have tightened up intelligee and security arrangements with dozens of countries around the world. And so, the president -- nobody's done that better than president obama has. When governor romney says it, that's why I say he's just mouthing the phrases. President obama has actually done it. 

[00:21:59]


>> Let me ask you, finally, do o you think the debate last night moved the needle at all? Do you think -- and obviously, this is something that's been your life's work, general. Buto you think the foreign policy is resonating out there? 
>> Well, I think to some extent it is. I think it was the kind of debate in which if mr. Romney had come in and boggled it and looked really bad and made reckless statements he could have lost big. I think if the president hadn't explained what he was doing and laid it out well, he would have lost. The prident fulfilled his obligation better than governor ro eyulfilled his obligation. And I think there are people still who are waivering back and forth. I hope that what the president explained will convince those afraid somehow that the president's approach isn't as tough as mr. Romney. That it -- in fact, the president's approach is tough. It is effective. And it is effective in keeping america safe. And strengthening our role in the world. That's what it looks like to me. 
>> General wesley clark, as i said, always good to have you. Good to see you. Thanks. 
>> Thank you. aflac to provide a better benefits package... Oahhh! 
[ Male Announcer ] IT MADE A BIG SPLASH WITH The employees. 
[ Duck yelling ] 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. ?????? ?????? ha ha! Rogaine? it. I was skeptical at first. But after awhile even my girlfriend noticed a difference. 
[ Male Announcer ] ROGAINE IS PROVEN To help stop hair loss. And for 85% of guys, it regrew hair. Save up to 42% now at rogaine.Com. ] medicare beneficiaries. Open enrollment is here. THE TIME TO CHOOSE YOUR Medicare COVERAGE Begins october 15th and ends december 7th. So call to enroll in a plan that could give you the benefits and stability you're looking for, AN AARP MedicareComplete Plan INSURED THROUGH UnitedHealthcare. What makes it complete? It can combines medicare parts a and b, which is your hospital and doctor coverage with part d prescription drug coverage, and more, all in one simple plan starting at a zero dollar monthly premium -- no more than what you already pay for medicare part b. AN AARP MedicareComplete Plan Offers you benefits like an annual physical, preventive screenings and immunizations for a $0 copay. You'll also have the flexibility to change doctors from a network of providers dedicated to helping you stay healthy. There's more. WHEN YOU ENROLL IN AN AARP MedicareComplete Plan INSURED THROUGH UnitedHealthcare, Your benefits could also include vision and hearing coverage, and prescription drug coverage accepted at pharmacies nationwide. THE Pharmacy Saver PROGRAM Makes prescriptions available for as little at $2 at thousands of pharmacies. UnitedHealthcare HAS WORKED With pharmacies in retail locations like these to get low costs for our members. When you enroll, you'll enjoy advantages like these for as low as a zero dollar monthly premium. THIS INCLUDES PLANS WITH Part D PRESCRIPTION Drug coverage. Now is the time to look at your options start getting the benefits of an aarp MedicareComplete Plan Insured through UnitedHealthcare. Remember, open enrollment ENDS DECEMBER 7th. CALL UnitedHealthcare TODAY About an aarp MedicareComplete Plan. You can even enroll right over the phone. Or visit us online. Don't wait. Call now. ] here to volunteer to help those in need. When a twinge of back pain surprises him. Morning starts in high spirits, but there's a growing pain in his lower back. As lines grow longer, his pain continues to linger. But after a long day of helping others, he gets some helpful advice. JUST TWO Aleve HAVE THE STRENGTH To keep back pain away all day. TODAY, JASON CHOSE Aleve. Just two pills for all day pain relief. TRY Aleve D FOR STRONG, ALL DAY LONG Sinus and headache relief. 

[00:26:25]


>>> Live picture, delray beach. The president just arrived to a raucous cheer, ovation. After his debate last night, two polls say that he came out ahead. His 23rd visit tohe key battleground state of florida since he became of the united states. Let's listen to barack obama. 
>> Are you ready to go? I am fired up right now! It is good to be in florida. Give it up for congressman ted dorch's here! YOUR MAYOR, nelson McDuffy is here. Senator maria sax. Great candidate for congress, luis franco! Anmy friend and your former governor, charcrist is here! And I want everybody to give a huge round of applause to scott for that introduction. 
>> You guys really are fired up. Now, I was mentioning scott. You know, every time I need a pick-me-up, I try to see scott. In addition to some outstanding pizza. And scott and charlie crist, they were minus -- they're not democratic values. They're not republican values. They're american values. And that's what this election's all about. Now, two weeks from today americans in all 50 states will step in to the voting booth but here in florida you get to start voting on saturday. And as scott just told you, if you need to know where to vote, you go to vote.Barack obama.Com. But I need you to vote because you've got a very big choice to make. It's notust a choice between two candidates or two parties. It is a choice between two very different visions for this country that we love. Now, last night we had our third and last debate. I hope, I hope that during the debate I made those differences very clear. Because the greatest responsibility I have as president is to keep the american people safe. That's why I ended the war in iraq so we could go after the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11. That's why we decimated al qaeda's core leadership and brought osama bin laden the justice he deserved. That's why we're ending the war in afghanistan because after a decade of war, it's time to do some nation building here at home. In a world of new threats, and profound challenges, america needs leadership that is strong and is steady. Governor romney's foreign policy has been wrong and reckless. Last night, he was all over the map. Did you notice that? During the debate, he said he didn't want moreor troops in iraq. But he was caught on video saying it was unthinkable not to leave 20,000 troops in iraq. Troops that would still be there today. Last night, he claimed to support my plan to end the war in afghanistan. I'm glad he supports it. But he's opposed a timeline that would actually bring our troops home. Early in this campaign, he said he'd do the opposite of whatever I did in israel. But last night, I reminded him that cooperation with israel's never been stronger. Last night, he said he always supported taking on osama bin laden. But in 2007, he said it wasn't worth moving hven and earth to catch one man. Now, we've come up with a name for this condition. It's called amnesia. Had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least stage three rom-nesia. And I just want to go over with you some of the symptoms, delray, because I want to make sure nobody in the surrounding area catches it. If you say that you love american cars during a debate, but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you might have romnesia. If you talk about how much you love teachers during a debate but said just a few weeks ago that we shouldn't hire anymore because they won't grow the economy, what do you have? I bet you've got some romnesia. If you say medicare and there's a theme here. He keeps on loving stuff and wants to end itr cut it or not help it. But if you say that you love medicare but your plan turns it in to a voucher that ends the guaranteed benefit of medicare, you definitely have romnesia. So, I mean, we're breaking down the symptoms here. If you've come down with a case of romnesia, if you can't seem to remember the policies on your website, or the promises that you've been making over the six years that you have been running for president, if you can't even remember what you said last week, don't worry. Obama care covers preexisting conditions. We can fix you up! We can cure this disease! I mean, listen. Let me just say this. In all seriousness, I mean, we're accustomed to seeing politicians change their positions from, like, four years ago. We are not accustomed to seeing politicians change their position from four days ago. I mean, and we joke about romne sia but, you know what? This is something important. This is about trust. 

[00:35:40]


>> The president in delray beach, florida. Obviously, speaking to the converted. But locking very fired up after the debate last night. Busy, busy 13ays ahead. Later this afternoon, he joins vice president biden in dayton, ohio, sitting six battleground states in 48 hours starting tomorrow. Governor romney busy, too, joining paul ryan in both nevada and colorado today. The battleground has changed once again. Our nbc political team has put iowa back in the toss-up column. Nevada is now lean democratic. North carolina leaning republican. Let's bring in democratic strategist chris cafinas and republican strategist chip saltsman. Great to see you guys. Hello. 
>> Hello. 
>> Great to be with you. 
>> Chris, let's start with how this changing battleground map alters the strategy of both cam panes. What do the next 13 days are like when you see him leaning one way or another? How closely are these decisions being made t the time where they have to show up and be somewhere? 
>> You will be able to tell from the candidate's schedule and how often they go to a certain state or the next two weeks which states are in play. It is that simple. And I think what you start -- the other part you start seeing the campaign haves to start making the tough decisions, the decisions you delay and which is where you don't play, where you start shifting resources away from and in to. My guess where you start to seeing it more and more resources going to ohio, wisconsin, you know, iowa, colorado. Those are probably going to be the key states, virginia. Where both sides realize, okay, this is where we have to play the two weeks to have a shot for this. I think the shot for the romney campaign is that's a map more vulnerable to the president than it is to governor romney. 
>> Chip, the decisions that are being made, I don't need to tell you latest poll shows the race 47-47. I don't know anyone who doesn't think that this isn't a very tight race. Add exhaustion in to the pressure an not just the candidates feeling but the staffs are feeling and people often talk about a gaffe that could changed a race. I wonder of a gaffe of mitt romney or president obama says something that gets them in to trouble or changes minds but a strategic decision in retrospect you look at and say, what in the world were they thinking? How does that all play in to this final 13, 14 days? 

[00:38:11]


>> Yeah. That's a big part of it. When I was in the heat of the battle of the primaries of '08, I had a conference call to end and start the day and running nonstop. 
>> Isn't that every day now? I'm not kidding. They're sleeping three, four, five hours a night if they're lucky. 
>> Scheduling decisions two or three days out. Doing two, three, four maybe states a day and fast forward and one thing to run out of in campaigns is not only money but time. And now we're down to 13 days. Every decision would make or break or win the election so you have to rest your candidates is so they're not so just dead on the stump but you also got to get them as many places as possible and a fine line because a bad comment changes the election. 
>> Not only do -- I mean, obviously, not just talking ant mitt romney and barack obama, chris, but you're talking about THE VPs AND ALL COMING TOGETHER Today and a n photo-op but i think it's interesting to look at how many times we're going to see them together because that's two places that you're not essentially. 
>> Well, what's strange to me is that the romney campaign clearly has a different strategy in terms of the principles. In terms of governor romney and congressman ryan. Putting them together whereas the obama cam pan separating them to cover more territory. 
>> But they're together today. 
>> You cover your territory. I don't think you see them very much over the next two weeks together and if you do, that to me is not necessarily a smart strategy unless there might be -- this might be where they go, they're going to pour everything they've got in to ohio and the ironic thing is i think the obama campaign does the same thing because everybody knows that if ohio goes one way or the other, particularly going for obama, this race is over. Governor romney cannot win if he doesn't win ohio. The math doesn't add up. 
>> There's another part of strategy, not just where you go, obviously, but about, chris, essentially what it is tha you say and do you play it safe? Do you play it safe the way mitt romney seemed to last night or go more aggressive? Do you put yourself out there a little more? When you have a race that's too close to call, when you have a map that's changing 14 days until the election, do you take some chances? Chip? 

[00:40:42]


>> Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were talking to chris. Yeah. I think in the last couple of days 47-47 we know where we are. You don't want mistakes. You will see both campaigns actually play it safe in the last 13 days. Like inke ohio, that is the most crucial state as we all know and about seven counties in ohio that are going to matter when we talk about the turn-out model seeing the campaigns hit it and see talking about the principles. They will be together some and seeing the first lady, ann romney out there and the sons. Everybody is going to dispense of the headquarters and hit the battleground states over 14 days because every vote's going to matter in the key battleground states. 
>> I think it's easy to play it safe. I think both campaigns have to be aggressive. The undecided voters out there still miraculously not fig yurl youred out they're going to vote, you have to stand out. If you say the same talking points over 13 days you are counting on them to make the decision based on what happened. You don't want to do the campaign. You want to control your destiny. 
>> Thank you very much, chris, chip. Appreciate botof you. Let's bring in utah republican congressman jason chafitz. Thank you for coming on. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Let me ask you to weigh in on that. For the next 14 days, does mitt romney play it safe or are we going to see him being aggressive out there? 
>> Oh no. He's going to work so hard between him and paul ryan crisscrossing the country. We know what states are the so-called battleground states and mobilize and energize the base and I think clearly mitt romney has that sort of energy. I think the country knows it's off track, wan adjustment to the extent they feel comfortable with mitt romney and paul ryan, they'll be the next president and vice president of the united states. 
>> I don't think either side won't work hard and not going to maximize the limited number of hours they have left. But the question is, are they going to go on offense more or playing it safe? And essentially, do no harm and believe that the message that they have out there already is enough to win. 

[00:42:53]


>> Well, look. When you're down to 14 days and most of these states are participating in early voting, i doubt that either side is going to come out with some new big policy objective or some new policy speech. It's about energizing the base, getting out the vote. About for mitt romney's case, you know, talking about the fact that we can't afford four more years of barack obama. If you want different results you will have to elect somebody different. I think it's pounding home the economic message that the country can and must do better. Can't afford four more years a I think mitt romney will convince the undecided -- if you haven't decided yet about barack obama, about president obama, after four years, you probably won't go to the booth saying, yeah, I think so. 
>> Let's talk about last night. We are in the home stretch and it was often feisty and with the times that mitt romney agreed with the president and more than a few, there were some fireworks. Let me play for you the times when he said, basically, that he didn't have a problem with president barack obama. 
>> I want to underscore the same point the president made. We have to do as the president's done. I supported his action there. The president was right to up the usage of that technology. There was an effort on the part of the president to have the forces -- I concurred on this. 
>> Did governor romney miss an opportunity there not drawing clear distinctions? 
>> Remember when it was candidate barack obama and said we're tt united states? I thout what a great line. In four years, that's not how president obama signaled. He's not afraid to say where they agree. And remember, governor romney operated in a situation where the democratic legislature in massachusetts 87% democrats and brought people together. That's what we're looking for in a leader and why I in part support mitt romney. You're going to pat the president on the back when you agree but major changes and differences and of course you compliment them when you agree. Of course you should. 

[00:45:10]


>> It's good to see you. Thank you so much for coming on this morning. 
>> Thank you. Appreciate it. 
>> We'll be right back. With the bankamericard cash rewards credit card, I earn 1% cash back everywhere, every time. 
[ Both ] 2% BACK ON GROCERIES. 
[ All ] 3% ON GAS! No hoops to jump through. I earn more cash back on the things I buy most. 
[ Woman in pet store ] IT'S AS EASY AS... 
[ All ] ONE! 
-TWO. -[ All ] THREE! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE BANKAMERICARD CASH Rewards credit card. Apply online or at a bank of america near you. ?????? ?????? I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! Mom, are those my jeans? 

[00:48:06]


[ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios 
>>> According to a new study the three best habits of sustaining weight loss are keeping a food journal, not skipping meals and not eating out. Extols the maintenance of healthy strategies for sustained weight loss and control. 
>>> It was another late night for fact checkers to sift through the heated exchanges like this one in last night's final presidential debate. 
>> I said they need these companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy and in that process they can get government help and government guarantees. 
>> That's not what you said. 
>> He can take a look -- you can take a look at the op-ed. 
>> You did not say to provide government help. 
>> Let's bring in laurie robertson, the managing editor of factcheck.Org. Good morning. 
>> Good morning. 
>> Who was right in that exchange over the auto bailout? 
>> Romney was right. Obama was wrong. Indeed, if you look back at romney's 2008 op-ed, he argued against the bailout but he argued for a managed bankruptcy with feral guarantees for post-bankrupy financing so a federal loan guarantee for the post-financing bankruptcy is government help. 
>> They tangled over test scores. Governor romney said this before. First and fourth gders were first in math and english when he was governor. 
>> Republicans and democrats came together on a bipartisan basis to put in education principles that focused on great teachers in the classroom. 
>> Ten years earlier. 
>> That was what allowed us to become the number one state in the nation. 
>> But that was ten years before you took office. 

[00:50:08]


>> Absolutely. 
>> And then you cut education comi in to office. 
>> Was it before he took office and did he cut education spending? 
>> Yes. Actually, the law that's largely credited with those great test scores for fourth and eighth graderis 1993 education law that emphasized test scores and increased funding. And those fourth and eighth graders scoring at or near the top of the nation before romney took office and they remained there since. As for cutting the education budget, romney did do that when he came in to office but it is worth noting that the nate faced a budget gap and the democratic legislature also proposed cuts to close that gap. 
>> Of course, famously now, mitt romney blasted the president over the size of our navy. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships for the mission. We're now down to 285. We are headed down to the low 200 nz a sequestration. That's unacceptable to me. I want to have the ships required by the navy. 
>> And led to horses and bayonets and most tweeted moment of the night. Did governor romney get the numbers right? 
>> No. He was wrong. We are at 282 ships in 2012. That's a slight increase of 2007 and we're not at the lowest point since 1917. In 1917, we had 342 ships but, you know, comparing those older ships to today's ships just isn't the same thing. The navy's secretary remarked earlier this year that comparing today's ships to those in year's passed was like comparing the telegraph to the smartphone. 
>> We look for zingers in these debates so here's one from last night. 
>> Governor romney, I'm glad you recognize that al qaeda's a threat because a few months ago asked what's the biggest threat facing america you said russia. Not lake. You said russia. IN THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING AND Asking for the foreign policy back because, you know, the cold war's been over for 20 years. 

[00:52:14]


>> Give us the fact check on that one. 
>> Sure. Obama's wrng on this one. What romney said, he called russia the number one geo-political foe and in the same interview said the greatest threat which is the president's word is a nuclear iran. 
>> Lori robertson, good to see you. Thank you so much. Thank you for staying up late and putting it together for us. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> Today's tweet of the day comes from the biggest trend of the debate as we said and from the editor in chief of "glamour" magazine writing horses and bayonets. 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE PLAN. 

[00:54:28]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. 
>>> And that wraps up this hour of "jansing company co." Good morning, thomas. 
>> Good morning. Romnesia, that's the word of the president. The debates behind us. The reviews are in and the battleground map is changing. Congressman chris van hollen and the power panel weighs in right now. 
>>> Plus, turning in the grades of the debate performances. Did mitt romney meet the commander in chief test? Plus, sandra flip on the battle for women voters and why romney is tweeting me. Details next hour. Medicare? That's a good thing, but it doesn't cover everything. Only about 80% of your part b medical expenses. The rest is up to you. SO CONSIDER AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, THEY PICK UP SOME OF WHAT Medicare DOESN'T Pay. And save you up to thousands of dollars in out-of-pocket costs. CALL TODAY TO REQUEST A FREE Decision Guide TO HELP YOU BETTER UNDERSTAND WHAT Medicare Is all about. AND WHICH AARP Medicare Supplement Plan Works best for you. With these types of plans, you'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS... Plus, there are no networks, and you'll never need a referral to see a specialist. There's a range of plans to choose from, too. And they all travel with you. Anywhere in the country. Join the millions who have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp, an organization serving the needs of people 50 and over for generations... And provided by UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, Which has over 30 years of experience behind it. Call today. REMEMBER, Medicare Supplement INSURANCE HELPS COVER SOME OF WHAT Medicare DOESN'T Pay -- expenses that could really add up. These kinds of plans could save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs... You'll be able choose any doctor WHO ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. And you never need referrals. So don't wait. With all the good years ahead, look for the experience and commitment to go the distance with you. CALL NOW TO REQUEST YOUR FREE Decision Guide. This easy-to-understand guide will answer some of your questions, AND HELP YOU FIND THE AARP Medicare Supplement Plan That's right for you. O ] less more? Then don't get nickle and dimed by high cost investments and annoying account fees. At e-trade, our free easy-to-use online tools and experienced retirement specialists can help you build a personalized plan. And with our no annual fee iras and a wide range of low cost investments, you can execute the plan you want at a low cost. So meet with us, or go to etrade.Com for a great retirement plan with low cost investments. ?????? ?????? 

[00:59:38]


>>> hi, everybody. Good morning. Topping the agenda, the final offensive. President obama launching a full-scale all-out campaign push after debating mitt romney. Starting tomorrow, the president begins a two-day six-state barn storm. 

﻿Title: Judge Alex - Burton vs. Hempfling
Description: Alexia says her house sitter threw a party, destroying her property and allowing her dog to run off; he says it was only a small gathering and she never mentioned her dog's ability to escape.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

And lost her beloved dog. Burton: Okay, so, I come back. I am like, "oh, I'm just gonna take penny for a walk." Go to penny's crate -- penny is not in there. I'm like, "well, maybe penny's with justin." Call justin. Nothing. Call justin again. Nothing. 
Announcer: But he claims her dog was full of tricks. 
Hempfling: The next day, I wake up, penny's not in the crate. So, immediately, I'm just assuming that, you know, penny houdinied out of the, you know -- 
Judge Alex: Houdinied? 
Hempfling: Yeah, like, houdinied out of the crate. Judge Alex: Penny escaped from the crate. 
Announcer: Today judge alex deals with a major pet peeve. Judge Alex: Now, we've gone from the dog she loves is gone -- and apparently gone forever -- to the computer is broken because somebody spilled beer in it and it's in her bedroom, so you clearly weren't watching who was going upstairs to her bedroom -- to the ipad is missing. 
Announcer: As a cop, he stood up for the law. As a trial lawyer, he fought for the truth. And as a criminal court judge, he commanded authority. Now he returns to preside over america's courtroom. 
--Captions by VITAC-- www.vitac.com Alexia burton is suing her former friend, justin hempfling, for $4,800 for her lost dog, laptop computer, and missing ipad after, she claims, he had an unauthorized party at her apartment while she was gone. Justin says he does not owe alexia because it was just a small get-together, d most of her friends were in attendance. He's countersuing for $2,000 for harassment. 
Mason: All rise! This court is now in session. The honorable judge alex ferrer presiding. 
Judge Alex: Thank you. Please be seated. Ms. Burton, you're suing your former friend, mr. Hempfling, because you say that you had him house sit and you returned home to a house that was trashed and a lost dog. 

[00:02:00]


-Is that correct? 
-Burton: Correct. Judge Alex: And, mr. Hempfling, you say that you're not responsible for her house being trashed or her dog being lost, so you don't owe her any money. In fact, you're counterclaiming for harassment. 
-Hempfling: Yes, that's correct. 
-Judge Alex: All right. Let's hear what happened here, ms. Burton. Burton: Okay, so, justin and I met probly a year before the incident happened. We met at a mutual friend's house. We just, like, we became instant friends. He, like, came up and hugged me and then we were just, like, inseparable from then on. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. 
-Burton: Yeah. Judge Alex: So, when you s "inseparable," did you actually -- would hang out together all the time? 
-Burton: All the time. 
-Judge Alex: Close. 
-Burton: Yeah. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. 
Burton: So, you know, then came september 2011, when I was gonna go visit my boyfriend. I needed someone to watch my dog, penny. So, I call justin. I'm like, "yo, do you want to stay at my apartment? You can eat all the food you want." You know, I even said, "it's okay for you to have a few friends over. "You can have dinner. You can watch a movie, but, like, you know, nothing wild." 
Judge Alex: Okay, so, did you have a reason to believe that he was gonna, you know, throw some rave at your house 
-or anything? 
-Burton: No. I just wanted to make sure, like, you know, "this is what you need to do with the dog." 
Judge Alex: Does that pretty much sum up your discussion? 
Hempfling: That actually, yeah. That's pretty much it for that. Also, I wanted to bring up the fact that I thought that this was gonna be just, like, a relaxing, you know, sort of week at her apartment. I thought that the dog was gonna be fine and just relaxed. The dog kept me up all hours of the night. It was whiny. Like, it would yelp all the time. I had class, so I was taking care of the dog. I was waking up early, going to css, and, you know, I was trying to actually be, like, a good friend and watch the dog, so... 
Judge Alex: You sent in pictures that say "pictures of my dog." So let me see what penny looks like. 
[ Spectators aww ] that's a cute dog. The next picture. 
Burton: Oh. Yeah, that's -- that's penny. 
[ Sniffles ] 
Judge Alex: Okay. 
-Burton: Sorry. 
-Judge Alex: That's okay. 
Burton: I mean, I even -- Judge Alex: When you say "lost dog"... 

[00:04:03]


Burton: Yeah. 
Judge Alex: ...You mean you lost your dog forever or you got home and the dog was lost and you had to go find him? 
Burton: No. Penny -- we've never been able to find penny. 
Judge Alex: Penny's gone. 
Burton: Penny's just gone for good. 
Judge Alex: So, you go away. 
Burton: Yeah, I go away. We stay inontact, you know. Simple phone calls, simple texts. And it was by the fourth day I didn't hear anything. I'm, like, laying in bed and I get a call from ivy. I'm like, well, ivy knows I'm, like, on vacation. She's like, "hey." I'm like, "hey. What's up? Like, what's going on?" And she's like, "there's a party at your house right now." I was like, "there can't be a party at my house." Maybe she just means there's, like, a couple people at my house, but in reality, she was like, "no, it's like a, you know, like, teenage movie, like, rager." 
[ Laughter ] she's saw a post from this guy and he was like, "hey. Let's all hang out at, you know, blah, blah, blah address" -- myaddress -- "you know, I'm back in town. "Like, let's chill. "Bring, you know, beer, blah, blah, blah. Like, you know, let's hang." Judge Alex: The post wasn't from him? 
Burton: No, not from him. 
Judge Alex: It was from some other guy. 
Burton: But it was for his friend and he knew. 
Judge Alex: Okay. What was going on? Hempfling: I mean, it's not true. What ended up happening was my friend was coming into town from afghanistan. I just felt like it didn't matter if I had, like, six or seven people over, you know? I didn't think that it was gonna be -- 
Judge Alex: So, it was six or seven people at her house. 
Hempfling: It was no more than 10 people that were there. 
[ Laughter ] 
Judge Alex: Wait, wait, wait. 
Burton: It keeps increasing. 
Judge Alex: We went from six or seven to 10 like that. 
Announcer: Coming up... How out of hand did things get at justin's "get-together"? Burton: And I go to turn on my computer, and it just doesn't turn on. And, like, I check it, and, like, it's plugged in. I don't know what's going on. It's liquid damage, and it smells like beer. 
Announcer: And later, a mutual friend speaks out. 
Judge Alex: Tell me about the party when you got there. Mazza: It was just way too many people in too small an apartment, and everybody was drunk. 

[00:06:03]


Judge Alex: How many people u think were there? ] not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 
[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] At Yoplait, we want you to feel even better about your favorite flavors. So when you call, tweet, and post, we listen. That's why Yoplait Light and Yoplait Original are now made with no high fructose corn syrup. And why we use only natural colors and natural flavors in Yoplait Original. So, anything else we can do for you, let us know. But you'll keep it to yogurt, right? 'Cause we shouldn't really help with your love life. Yoplait. It is so good! Announcer: with burton, who is suing her former friend, stin hempfling, for $4,800 for the loss of her dog and property after a wild party at her apartment. But justin says it was just a small get-together and contends her dog escaped from the apartment on his own. He's countersuing for $2,000 for harassment. 

[00:09:03]


Judge Alex: You get me to what happens when you come back. Burton: Okay, so I come back. I'm like, "oh, I'm just gonna take penny for walk." Go to penny's crate -- penny is not in there. I'm like, "well, maybe penny is with justin." Call justin. Nothing. Call justin again. Nothing. And i, like, go to the neighbors, knock on the door. I was like, "hey, you know, "maybe, like, justin wasn't up to it anymore and just left penny somewhere." Wasn't at the neighbors'. I started looking around the neighborhood, likejust knocking on doors, like, "hey, you know, have you seen my dog? Have you seen my dog?" Nothing. Judge Alex: What happened to penny? 
Hempfling: So, I mean, pretty much what happened was the night that I had had the get-together, you know, I -- these two girls were there, and, you know, they were asking -- they had heard, you know, penny yelping, and they were just like, "oh, that's a dog. "That's a dog. Like, oh, it's a yorkie. Like, can we take it out? Can we play with it?" So, finally I relented and I was like, "all right, sure." Like, "we'll take the dog out for a little bit -- "just for a little bit, and then we'll put him back in the crate. No big deal." I can keep an eye on him. Like, you know, I figured since I was standing there, it would be fine. So, you know, we got the dog out for -- 
Judge Alex: What kind of crate are we talking about? 
Hempfling: It was, like, a cheap plastic crate. 
Burton: It was not cheap. Believe me. I bought it. 
Judge Alex: I assume the dog can breathe in there and everything. It's got a latch on it. It's just a cage -- one of those plastic cages. 
Burton: Only things with opposable thumbs can open. So there's no way th could have gotten out. Judge Alex: So, then what happens? Dog is still there. Hempfling: So, then, at that point, like, you know, we do the drinking game. My friends up passing out. Like, and then once he passes out, everybody else is like, "all right. The get-together is over." So, you know, I -- I slowly started winding down, too. I passed out. And then, you know -- Judge Alex: Winding down is passing out? 
[ Laughter ] 
Hempfling: Well, you know, I was getting everybody -- you know, I was getting everybody sort of out, and then, you know, just, like, going to sleep, you know, once everybody was out. 
Judge Alex: Okay. 
Hempfling: So, the next day, I wake up and I go to the crate. I go to try and, like, you know, I go and say, "oh, penny, penny." I walk over. Penny's not in the crate. So, immediately, I'm jussuming that -- I'm just assuming that it's, like, you know, that maybe, you know, penny houdinied out of the -- 

[00:11:10]


Judge Alex: Houdinied? 
Hempfling: Yeah, like houdinied out of the crate. Judge Alex: Penny escaped from the crate. 
Hempfling: That was my first thought, honestly, because I've heard of dogs doing stuff like that before to, like, to small plastic crates. Judge Alex: Let me humor you. How did penny escape from the crate? 
Hempfling: Honestly, the dog was super-hyper, 
Burton: Penny is not that hyper. I'm sorry. 
Hempfling: No, the dog was extremely hyper, so assume that maybe, like, maybe the latch wasn't, maybe the latch wasn't tightly on, or maybe the dog had escape Burton: Whose fault is that? 
Judge Alex: And that would be her responsibility how? 
Hempfling: No, but, I mean, I wasn't -- I made sure -- 
Judge Alex: Were you the one watching the apartment? 
-Hempfling: Yeah. 
-Judge Alex: Were you the one? Were you the one watching the dog? So whose responsibility is it to make sure the cage is completely latched? 
Hempfling: I mean, I was almost p-- I mean, I am pretty positive that I latched it. 
Burton: Almost positive when you're blackout drunk? 
Judge Alex: You don't find penny when you come back. 
-Burton: No. 
-Judge Alex: And what happens? 
Burton: So, I'm like searching for penny -- 
Judge Alex: The rest of your apartment is okay? 
-Is it smashed? 
-Burton: No, no, no, no. The least I can do at 1:00 in the morning is post something on facebook, like, post pictures on craigslist, like, something. And I go to turn on my computer, and it just doesn't turn on. And I'm like -- I check it. I'm like, it's plugged in. I don't know what's going on. I eventually took it to apple and they're like, "it's liquid damage. "See the sensors? They're red, and it smells like beer." And I don't drink. 
Judge Alex: So somebody spilled a beer in your open computer. 
Burton: Yeah. 
[ Spectators groan ] 
Announcer: Coming up, does alexia's witness simply have a bone to pick th justin? 
Hempfling: Ms. Mazza has been friends with ms. Burton longer than I've been friends with her, and she has always been jealous of our friendship and how close we are, so I feel like she would say anything. 
[ Spectators groan ] 
Judge Alex: It's time for america to vote on today's case. Who do you think I'm going to rule for -- the plaintiff... Penny's just gone for good. Judge Alex: ...Or the defendant? 
Hempfling: The people that were there were not just my friends, they were ms. Burton's friends, too. 
Judge Alex: Call toll-free 1-800-282-2333 Ring. Progresso. I just served my mother-in-law your Chicken Noodle soup but she loved it so much... I told her it was homemade. Everyone tells a little whiteie now and then. But now she wants my recipe 

[00:13:24]


[ clears his throat ] [ softly ] She's right behind me isn't she? 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. smooth, delicious hershey's chocolate with 30% less fat? New hershey's simple pleasures chocolate. 30% less fat, 100% delicious. ?? 

[00:16:55]


Announcer: "Judge alex" is back with the case of alexia burton, who's suing her former f justin hempfling, for $4,800 for the loss of her dog and property after a wild party at her apartment. But justin says it was just a small get-together and contends her dog escaped from the apartment on his own. He's countersuing for $2,000 for harassment. 
Burton: And, so, I'm like, okay, you know, I'll figure out what's wrong with my computer tomorrow. Like, I can post this on my ipad. Gone. Gone. 
-Judge Alex: Your ipad? 
-Burton: Gone, too. It's supposed to be in the drawer, like, in my nightstand drawer. The cord is still hanging there. Ipad's gone. 
Judge Alex: Okay. I'm dying to hear it. Ipad also knows how to escape the apartment? 
Hempfling: No. The thing with that is that I -- there were -- the people that were there were not just my friends. They were ms. Burton's friends, too. Judge Alex: Were they there because she invited them to your party? Hempfling: Well, no, but they knew -- Judge Alex: Then it doesn't really matter to me who they were. Bottom line is that if you're gonna invite people over to her house, it's your responsibility. Now, we've gone from the dog she loves is gone -- and apparently gone forever -- to the computer is broken because somebody spilled beer in it and it's in her bedroom -- so you clearly weren't watching who was going upstairs to her bedroom -- to the ipad is missing. 
-So how big was this party? 
-Hempfling: It was -- 
Judge Alex: Just come clean already and tell me a number. Hempfling: It was no more than 10 people. 
Judge Alex: Okay. Who'd you list as a witness? 
Burton: Ivy. My friend ivy. 
Judge Alex: Bring her in. 
Mason: Hi. 
-Judge Alex: Is it ms. Mazza? 
-Mazza: Yes. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. How are you? 
-Mazza: I'm good. How are you? 
Judge Alex: Well, tell me what you know about this case, 'cause she's listed you as a witness and has said some things that she got information she got from you, so why don't you tell me? 
Mazza: Yeah, basically, my boyfriend saw on facebook that there was a party at alexia's house. And I was like, "well, that's kind of weird consering alexia isn't even in town." Judge Alex: Did you go to the party or did you just read the post about it? 

[00:18:57]


Mazza: My boyfriend and I went over there 'cause I was like, "look, we should probably go check this out." And he knew, like, the guy that was in town, sort of. 
Judge Alex: Did you see mr. Hempfling there? 
Mazza: Yes, I did. 
Judge Alex: Tell me about the party when you got there. Mazza: It was just way too many people in too small an apartment, and everybody was drunk and -- 
Judge Alex: How many people do you think were there? 
Mazza: I'm gonna say there was like 25 to 30 people, like, cycling in and out of the apartment. Judge Alex: While you were there? 
Mazza: Yeah. 
Hempfling: Judge, can i say something really quick? Ms. Mazza has been friends with ms. Burton longer than I've been friends with her, and she has always been jealous of our friendship and how close we are, so I feel like she would say anything. 
[ Spectators groan ] yeah. So, I feel like she would say anything. 
Judge Alex: So, you want me to discredit her testimony because she is willing to come to court and commit perjury -- 'cause she's under oath -- commit perjury to make you responsible for something you're not responsible of because she's jealous of your friendship with her friend? 
Hempfling: Yeah. Judge Alex: Which we now know that friendship is completely over, so she doesn't have to be jealous of that friendship. It evaporated. Hempfling: Yeah, she's probably thrilled that it hasevaporated, beuse now -- 
Judge Alex: But she still feels the need to come to court and drive the nail in the coffin? 
Announcer: Coming up, is this friendship permanently stained? 
Judge Alex: The loss of your security deposit -- why? 
Burton: I'm walking around, looking down, like, "stain, stain." Big, huge stains all from the party. 
Hempfling: No. 
Judge Alex: It's time for america to vote on today's case. Who do you think I'm going to rule for -- the plaintiff... Burton: Penny's just gone for good. Judge Alex: ...Or the defendant? 
Hempfling: The people that were there were not just my friends, they were ms. Burton's friends, too. 
Judge Alex: Call toll-free 1-800-282-2333 to vote now ] Crescents Fabulous but...when I add chicken, barbecue sauce... and cheese...and roll it up Woo-wee! I've made a Barbecue Chicken Crescent chow down. Pillsbury Crescents. Let the making begin. like? kitchen? It's amazing. Lots of tough greasy messes to clean. 

[00:21:08]


[ Male Announcer ] NOW Scrubbing Bubbles HAS Fantastik. In a foam that stays where you spray it. And lifts grease so all you do is wipe. ppScrubbing Bubbles WITH Fantastik. rr [ Female Announcer ] SC Johnson. David. cancel. gas. Ooh gas, take an antacid. Oh, thanks. Good luck. Good luck to you. Doesn't he know antacids won't help gas? Oh, he knows. 
[ Male Announcer ] ANTACIDS DON'T RELIEVE Gas. Gas-x is designed to relieve gas. Gas-x. The gas xperts. know Cheerios has oats that can help lower cholesterol? And it tastes good? Sure does! Wow. It's the honey, it makes it taste so... Well, would you look at the time... What's the rush? Be happy. Be healthy. Alex: alex. We'd like to invite you and your friends TO VISIT US AT judgealex.com, Or you can join the conversation on facebook. We'll see you there. not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:23:50]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. Announcer: back burton, who is suing her former friend, justin hempfling, for $4,800 for the loss of her dog and property after a wild party at her apartment. But justin says it was just a small get-together and contends her dog escaped from the apartment on his own. He's countersuing for $2,000 for harassment. 
Judge Alex: Thank you. You can have a seat, ma'am. Thank you. Okay. So, you're suing mr. Hempfling for the loss of your dog... 
Burton: Yeah. Judge Alex: ...The loss of your ipad... 
Burton: Mm-hmm. Judge Alex: ...The broken computer, the loss of your security deposit -- why? 
Burton: Well, my landlord was like -- well, upon, like, initial observation of my apartment, it looked fine until, like, I'm walking around looking down like, "stain, stain." Big, huge stains all from the party. 

[00:25:55]


-Hempfling: No. 
-Burton: Not from me. They were red stains. They smelled. And my landlord was like, "because of the stains," and because of the, like, I guess, leaking through, the damage to the hardwood floor, he was like, "i'm just gonna have to, like, replace this whole carpet." JuAlex: Do you have any bills? Do you have any invoices, anything for the damages, both landlord and the computer and stuff? 
Burton: Mm-hmm. It's all there. Hempfling: How do I know that the stains are from my get-together? They could have been there. 
Judge Alex: I'm willing to make that leap at this point. 
[ Laughter and applause ] Hempfling: Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. 
Judge Alex: Okay. So, here's what we have. You screwed up. I don't think that that is a monumental revelation to you at this point. 
Hempfling: Right. Judge Alex: But instead of accepting complete responsibility for what you clearly caused and doing everything you could to make it right to your friend, who trusted you and who lost her dog, which she clearly cares about and loves, since she's been emotional since the case started, you decided to -- you'd rather walk away from the friendship than try to do what you really should do in responsibility and make it right. And that basically shows me ur true character. 
Hempfling: Well, the other thing I wanted to say -- 
Judge Alex: This isn't the time for you to talk. We're done, okay? So, I'm looking at the damages that you've caused here. You've caused a loss of the dog, which, in my mind, that's the irreparable part, okay? In my mind, losing the dog is the irreparable part. So, here's where the law really puts me in an uncomfortable position, because the law looks at a dog, in most states -- other states are trying to change it -- looks at a dog as property. We all kw that today dogs aren't property. Dogs are part of the family. I just lost my dog, and it ripped me apart to lose a pet. So I know the bond that we have with our pets. But the law doesn't view it that way. They view it as property. And since they view it as -- the law views it as property, although that's being changed across the country, it's not uniform. You can't get punitive damages for the loss of a pet. And let me deal with your counterclaim for harassment, okay? 'Cause I read there that she posted things on facebook about what you did and said all kinds of things. She didn't say enough. Okay? 

[00:28:14]


[ Applause ] so -- so you can anticipate now that you're not gonna win your counterclaim, all right? So when it comes to the damages, I can award you the damages for the loss of dog. I can award you the damages for the ipad. I can award you the damages for the security deposit and the broken computer at a slight discount because they were used. Although not thatused, the law requires me to discount it. But then we get to the $1,000 of pain and suffering, and as I know that that pain and suffering comes from the loss of penny, and the law does not allow me to do that. That being the case, I am so hugelyoffended at the loss of your ipad, that I will award you $1,000 in punitive damages for that. Judgment for the plaintiff, $4,800. 
Mason: All rise! 
[ Applause ] 
Announcer: Judge alex has ruled in favor of the plaintiff and has ordered the defendant to pay her $4,600. The defendant's counterclaim has been denied. 
Burton: I don't think I can ever forgive him for what he's done and for the amount of times he's lied about what he's done, and, you know, tried to talk poorly about me behind my back. 
Hempfling: I feel like judge alex ruled unfairly because I didn't even get to state my counterclaim. She has harassed me, she is psychotic, and I just -- I know that if I would have been able to present my evidence, then he would have seen how crazy she really is. If you seen a pink elephant walk through the street, you would look and stare at that elephant. That don't mean you're in love with the elephant. It means it's different. So I'm trying 

﻿Title: Judge Alex - Williams vs. Wright
Description: A man says his business partner was interested only in making money and never fulfilled the terms of their agreement.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/28/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

H spent some time coaching, and he had had a few women -- girl basketball teams 
-that -- they was pretty good. 
-Judge Alex: Mm-hmm. Williams: So I loaned him $4,200. 
Announcer: But he fell way short of making a slam dunk. 
Williams: I heard it through the grapevine that the tournament had came to a bust. Judge Alex: When did you hear that? How long before the tournament? 
Williams: About three weeks after he had started putting it together. Thto hold it in. 
Wright: [ Laughs ] that's not true. 
Announcer: Today, judge alex referees this one-on-one. Williams: The tournament never happened. 
-It never took place. 
-Judge Alex: Well, why not? 
Williams: Well, I haven't figured that out yet. He hasn't told me yet. 
Wright: The tournament actually did take place. 
-Williams: No, never. It never took place. 
-Wright: It took place. 
Williams: The tournament never took place. Judge Alex: You guys can't agree on whether this tournament actually happened? 
Announcer: As a cop, he stood up for the law. As a trial lawyer, he fought for the truth. And as a criminal court judge, he commanded authority. Now he returns to preside over america's courtroom. 
--Captions by VITAC-- www.vitac.com Floyd williams is suing his ew, anthony wright, for $4,200 because he claims he gave him a loan to host a basketball tournament, but says the tournament never happened. Anthony wright says the money that his uncle gave him n, and he doesn't owe him any money in return. 
Mason: All rise! This court is now in session. The honorable judge alex ferrer presiding. 
Judge Alex: Okay, thank you. Please be seated. Mr. Williams, you are suing your nephew, mr. Wright, because you say you loaned him some money to host a basketball tournament, and he refuses to pay you back. Is that right? Williams: That's correct, your honor. 
Judge Alex: Okay, and mr. Wright, you say it wasn't a loan, it was an investment, and he didn't follow through on his part of it, so you don't owe him any money. 

[00:02:00]


-Wright: That's correct. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. All right, tell me about this tournament and about your nephew, mr. Williams. 
Williams: Well, 2010, the month of june, something like that, my nephew and one of the other family members came over to my home, and anthony sat down, and he began to detail me about this project that he wanted to do. He wanted to put on a woman's basketball tournament. 
Judge Alex: Now, your nephew and you -- what kind of relationship did you have before this? Williams: An excellent relationship. We're a tight-knit family, and at's the reason he came to me, because he knows that if he came to me with a great idea that I would help him. So we had no problems in the past, and we're just a really -- we're a tight-knit family. 
Judge Alex: Had you ever gone to your uncle with some business ideas before? 
Wright: No, I haven't, 'cause usually I tend to handle things on my own, but this adventure was gonna be a big adventure for not only me for both of us. I felt that, at that time, when I went there, the windfall from the tournament was gonna be enough to make everything right at the end. I have done this before on a smaller scale. I tried to go with a larger scale to improve the windfall. 
Judge Alex: And how big of a tournament were you planning on hosting when you say "larger scale"? 
Wright: A larger scale -- a normal tournament is 16 teams. This was gonna be 32 teams. 
Judge Alex: Okay. And you guys are from missouri? 
-Wright: Yes. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. All right. So, he approaches you with this business idea. What does he say? 
Williams: So, when he came in and tells me about it, how that, you know, he had the idea to do is basketball tournament, and then part of the proceeds was gonna go to a charity as well, I thought it was an excellent idea at the time because mr. Wright had spent some time coaching, and he had had a few women's -- girl basketball teams. That -- they was pretty good. And I had the finance to do it. And I loaned him the money, but when he left, looked like everything started going downhill from that point. 
Judge Alex: How much money was it, and what was the plan? What was your arrangement? 

[00:04:02]


Williams: The plan -- I loaned him $4,200. The plan was for him to put on the tournament, to hire all the referees, to get the gymnasium, to do everything he needs to do, the concessions and all of that, and to put this tournament on, and the price that he had told me was well over him paying me my money back plus having a nice amount for hisself and for charity. 
Judge Alex: So, what happens? You give him the money. He goes off to start things going. When did you loan him the money? 
Williams: It was in... June of 2010. 
Judge Alex: June of 20-- and when was the tournament? 
Williams: The tournament was supposed to be -- 
-Wright: The last week of july. 
-Judge Alex: I'm sorry? 
Wright: The last weekend of july. 
Judge Alex: The last weekend of july of 2010? 
Wright: Yes. 
Judge Alex: So, you didn't have a lot of time to prepare this. 
Wright: No, but I was already -- I already had it in the works. 
dge Alex: OKAY. SO, YOU LOAN Him the money, and what happens? 
Williams: He was saying in contact with me there for the first four or five days. He was initiating phone calls to me, but after that, his initiation of the phone calls stopped letting me know where he was. Judge Alex: How come after four days, he stopped hearing from you? 
Wright: During the first four days, I secured the venue, got a tournament director, then the teams started coming in. As the teams come in, the rest of it is their scheduling, setting up advertisements, and so forth. Judge Alex: What kind of advertisement? 
Wright: Radio advertisements on the af.M. Stations. 
Williams: No announcements, no nothing had taken place. 
Judge Alex: You didn't hear any radio ads? 
Williams: None. Judge Alex: How big is your town? 
Williams: It's st. Louis, missouri. It's pretty big. Judge Alex: Oh, you live in st. Louis. Yeah, that's a big town. All right, so, what happens after that? 
Williams: So, the tournament never happened. 
-It never took place. 
-Judge Alex: Well, why not? 
Williams: Well, I haven't figured that out yet. He hasn't told me yet. 
Wright: The tournament actually did take place. 
-Williams: Oh, no. Never. It never took place. 
-Wright: It took place. 
Williams: The tournament never took place. Judge Alex: You guys can't agree on whether this tournament actually happened? 
Wright: Look, the tournament actually took place. 
Judge Alex: Mr. Williams, do you not speak to him again? 
Williams: The next time I spoke to him, your honor -- when I heard it through the grapevine, that the tournament had came to a bust. Judge Alex: And when did you hear that? How long before the tournament? 

[00:06:02]


Williams: About three weeks after he had started putting it together. 
Judge Alex: So, like, the beginning of the month of july? Somewhere around there, you hear that there's not gonna be a tournament? 
Williams: Yes, I heard that the tournament had came into a bust, and that they had refused him -- they had refused him the building to hold it in. 
Wright: [ Laughs ] that's not true. 
Williams: And when I get him on the phone, we had a pretty good discussion, and I asked him about it. He told me everything had fell through. I said, "well, how much of the money did you have" -- 
Wright: I didn't say everything fell through. I said I had a couple teams drop out. I didn't say everything had fell through. 
Judge Alex: Okay. All right. 
Williams: "How much of the money do you have left?" He told me he had $2,000 out the $4,200 left. 
Judge Alex: So he had spent $2,200 in advertising and all -- Williams: Whatever he spent it on. I don't know what he's doing. 
Wright: Now he's going on with whatever -- 
Williams: He didn't get no tournament going, I know that. 
Judge Alex: Okay, all right, so, at this point, you know there's still $2,000 that you can salvage. 
Williams: That is correct. 
Judge Alex: I mean, it's a loan, so you're expecting to get the other $2,200 paid back, but at least there's $2,000 that hasn't been blown. 
Williams: That is correct. 
Judge Alex: So why are you suing the full amount? 
Williams: 'Cause I never received any of my money. 
Announcer: Coming up, is anthony jumping through hoops to prove that this tournament happened? 
Judge Alex: One big difference here between your stories -- he says it never happened, and you say, yes, it did, and that's a significant point. 
Wright: I called him on that sunday of the last day of the tournament, trying to get -- "hey. This is what's going on." 
Williams: Anthony, you never had a tournament. 
Wright: I was like, "come on out here." Williams: Do you remember that call? 
Announcer: And later, will anthony admit to playing foul with his uncle's money? 
Williams: Two days later, I talked with a family member, who told me that anthony and his girlfriend went on a shopping spree. That's where my money went. Announcer: back with the case of floyd williams, who's suing his nephew, anthony wright, for $4,200 because he claims he gave him a loan to host a basketball tournament but never got money in return. But anthony wright claims that his uncle invested in the basketball tournament instead of giving him a loan, and therefore he sees no need to pay him back. 

[00:10:17]


Judge Alex: One big difference here between your stories -- he says it never happened, and you say, yes, it did, and that's a significant point. Wright: I called him on that sunday of the last day of the tournament, trying to get -- "hey, this is what's going on." 
Williams: Anthony, you never had a tournament. 
Wrig: Look, I was like, "come on out here so you can" -- first I thought some people was gonna come and help out. They didn't come to help out. Judge Alex: Okay, so, you actually called him from the tournament 
-and told him, "come out to the tournament." 
-Wright: Yes. 
-Judge Alex: Do you remember that call? 
-Williams: No. Your honor, if he had a tournament -- your honor. Judge Alex: Okay, wait -- let me hear where he thinks we are with this, and then I'm gonna come to you, and you tell me everything you did. 
Williams: If there was ever a tournament, where is the proceeds from the tournament? 
Wright: When I called you and say, "look, this was all I had" -- it was $750. 
Williams: Where are the proceeds from the tournament? 
-Judge Alex:WAS WHAT? 
-Wright:750, because I ended up -- I had some teams that drop out. But like I said, the things that you pay for, you have to pay for them advance. So even if the ref doesn't ref the game, he still gets paid regardless. Judge Alex: You're saying if teams drop out, 
-you still got to pay the refs. 
-Wright: You still got to pay. Judge Alex: Okay, let me hear your version. Your version is he calls you and he says, "it's not gonna happen, but I still have $2,000." So how do you not get the $2,000? 
Williams: Well, that's not the way it happened. I initiated the call and I -- like I said again -- I heard it through the grapevine, and I'm not using names, that the tournament had failed that he had half the money left. 
Wright: Through the grapevine. 
Williams: And that's when I call, and when I called him, he told me he had $2,000 left. And then I asked him, I said, "well, anthony, what you need to do "is return the $2,000 to me, and we can set up payments for other $2,200." 
Judge Alex: Okay. Wi: And he agreed to that. But two days later -- two days later -- 
-Wright: Two days later -- 
-Judge Alex: Hold on. 
Williams: Two days later, I talked with a family member, who told me that anthony and his girlfriend went on a shopping spree. 
Wright: You can't go on a shopping spree with $2,000. 
Judge Alex: You can't go on a shopping spree with $2,000? 
-Why can't you do that? 
-Wright: 'Cause you know what? 
-After that -- 
-Judge Alex: Wait, wait. No, no. Why can't you go on a shopping spree? Is it too little money? Wright: It ain't no shopping spree. 
Judge Alex: What is it? 

[00:12:18]


Wright: That's out at the mall and coming back to the house. That's not a shopping spree. 
Judge Alex: So you -- so you -- 
[ laughter ] 
Wright: A shopping spree is multiple malls. 
Judge Alex: When you go to the mall, if all you burn is $2,000, it really was a wasted trip. 
Wright: You know, women's fashion is a lot higher than men's fashion 
Williams: Your honor, that's where my money went. 
Judge Alex: Okay, so, tell me all the stuff that -- first of all, you had to go -- you had to pay for the facility. 
-Wright: Yeah. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. You had to pay for the insurance. 
Wright: Yes, that was all a part of the facility. You had to get the insurce. 
Judge Alex: Okay. You had to pay for the refs. 
Wright: Right. And a tournament director. 
Judge Alex: Okay. And a tournament director. Then you said you bought trophies and ribbons. 
Wright: You know, first-place team gets trophies, second-place team gets ribbons. Judge Alex: Then you had radio ads. 
Wright: Radio ads. Judge Alex: And you also said d t-shirts? 
Wright: Yeah. 
Judge Alex: Okay, so, your money goes quickly. 
Wright: Right. 
Judge Alex: Okay, the separate issue beyond whether or not this tournament ever occurred, and he's got a lot of details about what he says he did -- the separate issue is whether this is a loan or an investment. Diyou guys ever communicate in writing about this? Is there a contract? Is there an e-mail? Is there a text message? Williams: We did a written agreement. 
-Judge Alex: Did you do a written agreement? 
-Wright: Yeah. At the end of the tournament, he was gonna receive his portion back with a little interest. Williams: At the end of the tournament, but here's what I see -- here's the deal. Judge Alex: Where's this written agreement? 
Williams: And me and my wife, we still laugh about that -- don't know what happened. I went to pull that agreement out of my -- I keep a little box -- I laid it up in the windowsill, and for god be the best of me, I have no idea what happened to that agreement. But I do know this, and anthony knows, 
-that we signed an agreement. 
-Wright: Yes, we did. 
Williams: And I cannot find that agreement for nothing. 
Judge Alex: Were there two copies? Did you have one? 
-Wright: No. There was one. 
-Williams: No, one copy. We didn't get it notarized, but I put in my safety deposit box. 
Announcer: Coming up next, how well can anthony play defense when judge alex asks for proof that the tournament existed? Judge Alex: You spent all the money on the things you told me about. 
-Wright: Yeah. 
-Judge Alex: Okay. Receipts? Where are the radio-ad receipts? It's time for america to vote on today's case. Who do you think I'm going to rule for -- the plaintiff... Williams: Return the $2,000 to me, and we can set up payments for the other $2,200. 

[00:14:33]


Judge Alex: Okay. Williams: And he agreed to that. Judge Alex: ...Or the defendant? Wright: At the end of the tournament, he was gonna receive his portion back with a little interest. 
Judge Alex: Call toll-ee 1-800-282-2333 to vote now and find out how the rest of america votes. You'll also receive some valuable offers. ?????? ?????? 
[ ding! ] Losing your chex mix too easily? Time to deploy the boring-potato chip decoy bag. Then no one will want to steal the deliciousness. 
[ Male Announcer ] WITH A VARIETY OF TASTES And textures, only chex mix is a bag of interesting. Busy in here. Yeah. Progressive mobile is... 
[ "Everybody have fun tonight" plays ] really catching on! People can do it all! Get a quote, buy and manage your policy! 
-[ Music stops ] 
-it's great! Well, what's with the... 
-[ Music resumes ] 
-music? ?????? Have fun tonight ?????? dude. Getting a car insurance quote. I'll let it go to voicemail. 
[ Clears throat ] ?????? everybody wang chung tonight ?????? putting it on vibrate. 
[ Cell phone vibrates ] 
-[ loud vibrating ] 
-it'll pass. 
[ Vibrating continues ] our giant store and your little phone. That's progressive mobile. ] call pastry that's been wrapped in a flaky crust stuffed with a gooey center toasted up all golden brown then given a delicious design? A toaster strudel. Pillsbury Toaster Strudel. So Delicious...So Fun. ????@?? Announcer: "Judge alex" returns with the case of floyd williams, who's suing his nephew, anthony wright, for $4,200 because he claims he gave him a loan to bu but anthony wright says his uncle dn't loan him the money, he invested in the tournament. And since the tournament made no revenue, he doesn't owe him any money back. 

[00:18:29]


Judge Alex: Let's see how much water these stories hold. Okay. You spent all the money on the things you told me about. 
-Wright: Yeah. 
-Judge Alex: Receipts? Where are the radio-ad receipts? 
Wright: The radio-ad receipts -- it was done back in 2010. The radio stations, they had -- I've been trying to contact them. They're having a hard time producing them. 
Judge Alex: You're trying to contact them now, but we're -- okay. When you're doing a business and you go over there and you -- listen, I bought radio time before. When I was campaigning to be a judge, I had to buy radio time. So when you go there, they sign a contract of what spots are gonna play and all this stuff and how much you're paying. They give you the receipt, right? You're doing a business. This is not, you know, a family barbecue you're doing here. So, they give you receipts, okay? So you don't have to go back now. You should have those, especially since you know, after the tournament, your uncle wanted his money back. 
Wright: Like I said, right after that, when I changed residence, it was lost. Judge Alex: The radio receipt was lost. 
Wright: No, when I say "lost," all my things was lost. Judge Alex: All your things were lost? 
Wright: All my things was lost. You know how you come home and all your stuff is sitting on the front? Lost like that. Lost. Judge Alex: So, did you get kicked out? Wright: Set out, not kicked out. 
Judge Alex: You show up and all your stuff is on the front porch. You just leave all your stuff on the front porch and walk away, or do you take it? 
Wright: I was at work -- you know, when you get back home, people that went through -- well, I guess you ain't never been set out. Judge Alex: No, I've never been set out. 
Wright: People just go through all your things. Judge Alex: But I still have time. 
Wright: Your bedroom sets, couches -- when you get out there, it's just a lot of miscellaneous stuff left. Judge Alex: What about the trophies? What about the ribbons? 
Wright: That was handed out. 
Judge Alex: Yeah, what about the receipts for those? Those were taken by the -- 
Wright: All the things was at the house. 
Judge Alex: The looters. 
Wright: When I say all my things was at the house, all my things was at the house -- clothes, whatever you want to name. Judge Alex: T-shirts that you bought? 
ight: ANYTHING -- I'm talking about personal things, whatever. All was set out. 

[00:20:29]


Announcer: Coming up, judge alex gives anthony one more shot to prove his case. 
Judge Alex: You don't have receiptsor the radio spots. You don't have receipts for the trophies and ribbons you bought. You don't have receipts for the rental facility. You said you bought t-shirts, but you didn't have a big turnout, right? 
-Wright: Right. 
-Judge Alex: So you must have had t-shirts left over. The looters wearing the t-shirts? It's time for america to vote on today's case. Who do you think I'm going to rule for -- the plaintiff... Williams: Return the $2,000 to me, and we can set up payments for the other $2,200. 
Judge Alex: Okay. Williams: And he agreed to that. Judge Alex: ...Or the defendant? Wright: At the end of the tournament, he was gonna receive his portion back with a little interest. 
Judge Alex: Call toll-free 1-800-282-2333 to vote now and find out how the rest of america votes. You'll also receive some valuable offers. ] opposite advertising... There's no subtext... Just tacos. Yeah, it's our job to make you want it. But honestly... It's not that hard. Old el paso. When you gotta have mexican. Alex: alex. We'd like to invite you and your friends TO VISIT US AT judgealex.com, Or you can join the conversation on facebook. We'll see you there. Anno back with the case of floyd williams, who's suing his nephew, anthony wright, for $4,200 because he claims he gave him a loan to host a basketball tournament but says the tournamt never happened. But anthony wright says the tournament did happen and the money that his uncle gave him was an investment, not a loan, and therefore he doesn't owe him any money in return. 

[00:24:32]


Judge Alex: So I'm clear... You don't have receipts for the radio spots. You don't have receipts for the trophies and ribbons you bought. You don't have receipts for the rental facility, which you could ha gone back to the rental facility, and they could have given you a receipt for what you spent back then. You said you bought t-shirts, but you didn't have a big turnout, right? 
-Wright: Right. 
-Judge Alex: So you must have had t-shirts left over. The looters wearing the t-shirts? Wright: 
[ Laughs ] no. 
Judge Alex: Pictures -- if you have a tournament like this, I'm sure you must have had pictures. You can post it on your website. So you had to take pictures of the tournament. 
Wright: I'm talking about -- when I say everything was set out, that's digital cameras, everything set out. 
Judge Alex: This tournament that you held, right, this has got to be a big feather in your cap that you're doing this big tournament, right? So I'm assuming that even though your uncle wasn't there, you must have had other family members there. 
-Wright: No. 
-Judge Alex: No?! Nobody from your family showed up at the first tournament that you're hosting? Not even to help out? 
-Wright: Nope. 
-Judge Alex: Not one? You don't have a single statement from a family member saying, "i was there and it actually happened"? 
-Wright: No. 
-Williams: It did not happen. 
Judge Alex: I'm gathering that. 
[ Laughter ] 
-Wright: Wow. 
-Judge Alex: First of all, if you enter into an agreement with your uncle that he's gonna give you $4,200, and after the tournament, he's gonna get his $4,200 back, how in the world is that an investment? There is no profit for him. There is no upside. Basically, "i'm loaning you $4,200. You're gonna ge me $4,200." That's a loan, okay? So, even under your analysis of what he said he was gonna do, it's not an investment. Investment is, "i'm gonna take a risk, and the risk is I'm gonna lose the money, but the upside is I'm gonna make more than I ga you," okay? There has to be a profit side for it to be an investment. Otherwise, it's just a loan. It's not even a good loan if you want to believe that if he gets his money back if it's successful and it's not successful, he doesn't get his money back. That's still a loan, but it's just a really bad loan. So, the bottom line is, no matter how you slice it, the $4,200 was supposed to go back to him. I don't know what you used the money for. I don't know -- the girl you were dating then, 

[00:26:36]


-is she still around? 
-Wright: No. 
[ Laughter ] 
Judge Alex: Now, that -- that is a really bad investment. Judgment for the plaintiff, $4,200. 
-Williams: Praise. 
-Mason: All rise! 
Announcer: Judge alex has ruled in favor of the plaintiff and has ordered the defendant to pay him $4,200. 
Wright: I'm just glad to get it behind me, but I should have had more evidence, and that would have proved my case better. 
Williams: I want him to grow up and man up and to step up to, you know, take care of his obligations. So, like I said, you know, we're a tight family, so the relationship we had was broken and fellowship restored again. ????@?? You pretended that you were a strange woman on the phone..... Oh! ...and you called him... Ooh! ...and he talked dirty to you. 

﻿Title: Judge Joe Brown
Description: Friends feud over child-support payments; a pit-bull attack causes a bicyclist more than $2,000 in medical bills.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

parte de Candelaria. 'Ve been acting bad, bad, bad! 
>> Announcer: Ooh! Bad girls you love to hate, today on "judge joe brown." 
>> Jeanne: Caring for a friend's child comes with some expensive strings attached. Plaintandrea volbert is suing a former family friend for back support. Defendant melissa latterell is countersuing for basic-care necessities. Now it's "joe" time. 
>> Judge Brown: Let's see. Ms. Volbert, you are suing ms. Latterell? 
>> Latterell, yes. 
>> Judge Brown: And you're claiming that she owes you for child support she received that she was not entitled to. Is that right? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: You deny that, and you actually have a counterclaim saying that for the first year of this arrangement, you had to furnish basically the entire suite of the child's fundamental needs. 
>> That's right. 
>> Judge Brown: Clothes, all expenses, medication, and whatever else that maybe she didn't furnish anything. And you weren't getting child support from her. You were getting it from the state. Is that right? 
>> No, the first year and a half, I was not getting it from the state. I was getting nothing from anybody. 
>> Judge Brown: Nobody. You just did it out of the goodness of your heart. 
>> That is correct, judge joe brown. 
>> Judge Brown: Then, you started getting it sent to you as an allotment from the state. Is that right? 
>> Right. It was aourt order. I was taken to a court order, and they -- 
>> Judge Brown: The court -- that's what I thought. Court ordered a certain amount sent to you. 
>> That is correct. 
>> Judge Brown: All right. You u first. 
>> Well, my daughter moved back in with me in july of 2011. And I took full responsibilities then. 
>> Judge Brown: Why was your daughter not with you? 
>> I was trying to keep my daughter safe from a relative of hers that had been mistreating her, and -- 
>> Judge Brown: Relative of hers? 

[00:02:01]


>> Yes. She told me that he was molesting her. 
>> Judge Brown: How old is this child? 
>> She was 4 at the time. 
>> Judge Brown: Let's see. That's your 7-year-old. So, you would have been what, 14? 
>> I was 15. 
>> Judge Brown:15. That's three-some years ago. 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, why didn't the defendant get any compensation for keeping your daughter for this year and a half? Why? 
>> Because she told me she didn't want it. I was an active part of my daughter's life while she lived with the latterells for a really long time. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, why so long? 
>> Why was she there so long? 
>> Judge Brown: Since you just left her there, and there was no court order requiring it. 
>> Judge Brown: Where I was living was unsuitable for any child to live. 
>> Judge Brown: This is your new boyfriend, who's here as your witness. 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: Now, winds up, everybody goes to court. There's a court order essentially appointing the defendant as a foster parent. And what happens is they order a certain amount of support to be paid for her. Now, you took the child back. 
>> I did not take the chd back. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, then, why do you say in your complaint that your daughter moved back home in july with you, and defendant continued to be sent child-support payments by the state until march? 
>> They voluntarily gave me my daughter back because it was going that way in court. 
>> That's not true, your honor. 
>> Judge Brown: Stop interrupting. 
>> We had a guardian ad litem, and her recommendations were consisting of me getting my daughter back because -- 
>> Judge Brown: Well, where is the written order of the probate court approving that recommendation? 
>> I don't have that. 
>> Judge Brown: Your four months' pregnant. 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: And this child support that's ordered by the state to go to her. Now, why are you entitled to any of it as a refund to you? 

[00:04:02]


>> Because I take care of my child by myself, and they were taking money from me. 
>> Judge Brown: Wow-wee-whoopee. The state that you live in, minnesota, awarded child support to her pursuant to their orders. 
>> I have -- 
>> Judge Brown: So, you can't stop that until they order it stopped. So, the order was that the child support was to be paid directly to the defendant. Now, you come by without a court order, and when that child is still supposed to be with the defendant, you take that child home in july, and she collects it till march. And you want to get the child support that was paid pursuant to that order to the defendant given to you? 
>> I have a delegaon of parental powers that she signed. It's pretty much -- 
>> Judge Brown: Did it get approved and ordered by a competent court? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: Now, let me hear your counterclaim. 
>> The counterclaim is that until -- 2/16 of 2012, ms. Volbert was still in arrears to me for the child support. That was after the year and a half, and they decided that she should be legally obligated to pay me $292 a month. 
>> Judge Brown: Yeah. See, you're talking about all of this. You didn't read it. She took you in for contempt. You have arrearages, and the court order is that you owe monthly payments to this lady for what you didn't pay her. And then you come in here, and you want a refund of what little part payment she did get? 
>> They took my taxes, and i paid child support -- 
>> Judge Brown: Well, then, why didn't you pay? And the court has said you didn't pay when you could pay. Willful and intentional failure to pay support with the means to do so. So, you had the means to do so, and you had something else to do other than pay the money for the support of your child. The state found that you were in arrearages and ordered that you make payments on the arrearages to the defendant. Now you come back in here and say, "because I violated the court order, I'm entitled to have her pay me something the state ordered sent to her." And because of your status, you were supposed to reimburse the state for part of what the taxpayers were paying for the suort of your child that went to the defendant. Now you got another one, and you're already in hock and in contempt of the court's orders because you are further in arrears on the principal child support. 

[00:06:33]


>> This makes her third, your honor. She gave the second baby she just had up for an adoption. 
>> Judge Brown: Oh, really? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge joe brown, we did -- 
>> Judge Brown: Stand up if you want to talk, but move next to your wife. Look. I'm well aware of what's going on here. 
>> Judge joe brown, we did make contact with the other minor child that andrea had and reunited erin and that child. 
>> Judge Brown: Very good of you. She was too lazy and trifling and unconcerned to do that. 
>> Jeanne: We'll be right back with "judge joe brown." 
>> Judge Brown: Children learn mostly from emulating or copying what they see adults around them do. So, your whole pattern is just tacky. 
>> Jeanne: And later today... 
>> I was riding my bike on a bike path, and I saw her approaching me, and I just kept riding, and the dog -- when i got a little bit past her, the dog bit me. 
>> Judge Brown: Dog on a leash? 
>> Yeah, it was on a leash. 
>> Announcer: It's "joe" time after this. Hershey's makes smiles. Smiles make more smiles. When the chocolate is hershey's. Life is delicious. 

[00:10:14]


>> Announcer: Bad girls you love to hate, today on "judge joe brown." 
>> Jeanne: We're back with "judge joe brown." The defendant in this case says she took care of the plaintiff's daughter when she was deemed unfit. She says the plaintiff wants a refund of child-support payments the defendant says she used to take care of the little girl. Let's see what the judge has to say. 
>> Judge Brown: Put one up for adoption. You abandoned another one to her. You didn't pay for that. You were ordered to make up for it. Now you want to come back in, and you look at your children as cash cows, and you're pregnant with another, and you got two you aren't supporting. And, by the way, it looks like that child is suffering because you just didn't care. So, by the way, you know children learn mostly from emulating or copying what they see adults around them do. So, your whole pattern is just tacky. You come in here and want $3,000 worth of overpayment, when, actually, you are in delinquent status for much more than that? Your complaint's denied summarily off of the documentation from the state. From the point the plaintiff was ordered to pay child support, she is delinquent on those payments, and arrearage on the amount paid has been established. 
>> That's correct. 
>> That's correct, judge joe brown. 
>> Judge Brown: All right. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I've looked at your laundry list of what you supplied for the benefit of the child and for that exemplary extending outward. There's no reason for this laggard over here to enjoy the benefit when she repeats the error -- not once, not twice, but three times. 
>> I agree. 2,500 and your costs is awarded to the defendant, cross complainants. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Miss Sonia: This courtroom is now in recess. 
>> Jeanne: Childish behavior over child support. The plaintiff can't just pull the plug on what the court has ordered, and it turns out she owes the defendant. Now we're on to the next case. 

[00:12:18]


>> Miss Sonia: Please raise your right hand. 
>> Jeanne:SSISTANT EDITOR Kijana jones is suing the defendant for medical bills. Defendant kalima candelario says the plaintiff's wound was minor. 
>> Judge Brown: Let's see. Mr. Jones is suing ms. Candelario, and you're alleging that her pit bull bit you while you were riding your bike on a bike path at one of the local beaches here in los angeles. Now, ms. Candelario, you say don't owe the plaintiff anything because, in your opinion, the wound was very minor, and you say the injury did not require a hospital visit. 
>> Yes, judge joe brown. 
>> Judge Brown: You first, sir. 
>> Well, your honor, I was riding my bike on a bike path, and the defendant -- 
>> Judge Brown: Where were you? 
>> I was in long beach. 
>> Judge Brown: Long beach. 
>> On ocean avenue. And I ride my bike on a bike path. I always ride my bike up there. And I saw her approaching me, and I just kept riding, and the dog -- when I got a little bit past her, the dog bit me. He jumped up on my leg and bit me. 
>> Judge Brown: She was on a bike path? 
>> Yeah, she was walking her dog on a bike path. 
>> Judge Brown: Dog on a leash? 
>> Yeah, it was on a leash. 
[ Chuckles ] 
>> Judge Brown: So, where did you get bitten? 
>> On my ankle right here, on my left ankle. 
>> Judge Brown: I don't want to see it now. I think you submitted pictures. Did you not? 
>> Yes, I have pictures. And I also have, like, pictures of a sign that says, "no dogs on the bike path." 
>> Judge Brown: Well, that's where you got chomped. 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: I've seen those signs. They're symbols, but, I mean, they're in common usage -- no parking, no fires, no dogs. 
>> And there's also another -- there's a picture that shows where you could walk the dogs on ocean avenue. So, I can't understand why she would walk her dog on the bike path, where bikes ride past. 

[00:14:30]


>> Judge Brown: Apparently, you went to the emergency room. 
>> Yes, I had the ambulance to come out and pick me up. 
>> Judge Brown: Ambulance? 
>> Yes. 
>> [ Laughs ] 
>> yes. 
>> Judge Brown: Why ambulance? 
>> Well, because I couldn't get to the hospital. 
>> Judge Brown: Why couldn't you get to the hospital? 
>> Because my leg was hurting. The dog bit me on my leg, and my leg was hurting. 
>> Judge Brown: Yeah, but that's not a debilitatingury. She's right on that. 
>> I was on my bike, your honor. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, the bi wasn't damaged. 
>> I was. 
>> Judge Brown: Not that badly. You had some skin broken. You got punctured, but, you know... 
>> It was bleeding. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, that's all right. 
>> [ Laughs ] 
>> it was bleeding. Plus, it was too far for me to ride my bike over there with my leg bleeding, your honor, from the location where I got bitten at. 
>> Judge Brown: You took an ambulance for that? 
>> [ Laughs ] 
>> Jeanne: We'll be back with more "judge joe brown" in a moment. 
>> We're walking along the beach, and he was on his bike, and he was -- 
>> on the bike path. 
>> Which is also a walking path. 
>> On the other side. 
>> Which I was on. 
>> No, you weren't. 
>> Announcer: It's "joe" time after this. Busy in here. Yeah. Progressive mobile is... 
[ "Everybody have fun tonight" plays ] really catching on! People can do it all! Get a quote, buy and manage your policy! 
-[ Music stops ] 
-it's great! Well, what's with the... 
-[ Music resumes ] 
-music? ?????? Have fun tonight ?????? dude. Getting a car insurance quote. I'll let it go to voicemail. 
[ Clears throat ] ?????? everybody wang chung tonight ?????? putting it on vibrate. 
[ Cell phone vibrates ] 
-[ loud vibrating ] 
-it'll pass. 
[ Vibrating continues ] our giant store and your little phone. That's progressive mobile. 

[00:17:34]


>> Jeanne: We're back with "judge joe brown." The plaintiff in this caseays he was riding his bike by the beach when a pit bull attacked. He said his leg was bleeding so bad, he had to call an ambulance. Let's see what the judge has to say. 
>> Judge Brown: The report is that the paramedics, when they arrived on the scene, gave you first aid. 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> Judge Brown: There was nothing immediately life-threatening. I imagine you would have been prudent in getting a tetanus series and antibiotics, perhaps, as a prophylactic to prevent infection... 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> Judge Brown: ...And ascertain the vaccination and health history of the offending dog. 
>> Well, your honor -- 
>> Judge Brown: But ambulance? 
>> [ Laughs ] 
[ laughter ] he was very overly dramatic about the whole event. 
>> I was bitten by a vicious animal. 
[ Laughter ] 
>> not vicious. 
>> So, I was frightened by the dog. 
>> Judge Brown: Now, didn't you used to be a cameraman on an animal-related reality show? 
>> Yes. 
>> Oh, wow. 
[ Laughs ] 
>> Judge Brown: So, your exposure to the animals -- wouldn't that kind of inure you to going through a blind panic or "oh, my god, I'll bleed to death before I get to a medical facility"? And the paramedics come on a 9-1-1 call, and they bandage your leg. At that point, what you do is go home, go to your personal physician or a clinic, get a tetanus shot. So, you went to the emergency room. 
>> Yes, I was. I got a tetanus shot. They gave me a tetanus shot. 
>> Judge Brown: What'd you do with your bike? 

[00:19:35]


>> I was picked up from the hospital. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, where did the bike go? The bike go with you on the ambulance? 
>> Yeah, yeah, they put it on the ambulance. 
[ Laughter ] they put it on the ambulance. 
>> Judge Brown: Okay, let's go to the defendant. 
>> Okay. I was walking on the beach with my daughter, my niece, and my sister. And we were walking my dog, which is ni??a. She's about 2 years old, and she's a pocket pit bull. So, she's a very small breed. 
>> Judge Brown: She's not a big one. 
>> No, she's a small breed. 
>> But vicious. 
>> She's not vicious. The poor dog is afraid to go up the stairs at my house. 
>> Your honor -- 
>> we're walking along the beach, and he was on his bike. And he was -- 
>> on a bike path. 
>> Which is also a walking path. 
>> On the other side. 
>> Which I was on. 
>> No, you weren't. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, the point of the exercise is, he was where he was entitled to be. You were entitled to be there, but what about that sign? 
>> Well, actually, I had never been up to the long beach to walk her before. I normally take her on walks through signal hill, which there's a lot of people, a lot of bikes. No one ever has an issue with her. She doesn't even bark. And we were -- 
>> she bites instead. 
>> We were walking, and he actually was on the bike path. 
>> Judge Brown: Maybe she smelled fear. 
>> Right. 
[ Laughter ] and he was actually a little too close, and she reacted, I guess, and she nipped at him. Now, had she lock-jawed on him, he would have gotten injured. But it was a superficial wound. Even the paramedics that came, the lifeguard -- 
>> Judge Brown: Fascinating. But, by the way, you haven't given me a defense yet. 
>> No. 
>> Judge Brown: Well, let's put it this way. You are taking iout of the category of vicious animal. 
>> Yes. She's not a vicious animal. 
>> Judge Brown: No, but the animal reacted to somebody being in your space. But now that gets right back to you. 

[00:21:38]


>> Yes. 
>> Judge Brown: No dogs allowed on that particular pathway, leash or otherwise. 
>> They just got signs all up and down there saying that. 
>> They have signs, but the entrance that I came in from the beach was all the way down at the end. 
>> Judge Brown: You entered at the wrong part of the pathway and didn't see him. 
>> Jeanne: Judge joe brown makes his ruling after this. Judge joe brown's verdict is next, but before it's "joe" time, it's your time to call with your decision. Whose argument was stronger? Would you rule for the plaintiff or the defendant? Call 1-855-joe-vote. That's 1-855-563-8683. Call now with your decision and find out if america agreed with you. You'll also hear about some valuable offers. It's "joe" time after this, so call right now. 1-855-joe-vote. That's 1-855-563-8683. 
>> Announcer: Closed captioning for "judge joe brown" sponsored by... think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. pressure. And when I get a cold I take Coricidin HBP. The number one pharmacist recommended cold brand designed for people with high blood pressure. Coricidin HBP. ?????? ?????? it was all good at the mcdonald's 365 black awards honoring thoseho do good in the neighborhood. The honorees were awe inspiring. Chaka khan, bishop t.D. Jakes... I'm grateful to participate. 
[ Host ] ...AND GRANT HILL AND TAMIA. This wonderful celebration. Plus 16-year-old mary pat hector who started a youth organization to stop bullying. Power couple tina and harold lewis who own 10 mcdonald's and personally gave away over $600,000 in scholarships, and tony hansberry ii who at 14 created a surgical stitch doctors are using right now. It was a star studded event with vip presenters and performers! Melanie fiona, fred hammond, and host heartthrob laz alonso. This is the 365 black awards. See it all at 365blackawards.Com. I'm tai davis and this is good news. ?????? ?????? 

[00:23:59]


[ Voice ] CUT. I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. FiOS, tv, better phone, better internet. It was like somebody like took our computer, shook all the junk out of it. We're actually getting more for our money WITH FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME TO GET MORE For your money. UPGRADE TO VERIZON FiOS INTERNET, TV AND Phone with our best price online. Just $84.99 a month, guaranteed for one year with no annual contract. There's at least three computers. 
[ Girl 1 ] A TABLET. [ Woman 1 ] COUPLE OF Gaming systems. We could all be running at the same time. We do not notice any dips. 
[ Male Announcer ] GET TV RATED #1 IN CUSTOMER Satisfaction. And get the school year off to a great start with america's fastest, most consistent and st reliable internet. Internet is absolutely imperative for school nowadays. Look up this, write an essay on that. MY LIFE IS GREATLY IMPROVED BECAUSE OF FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] MOVE UP TO FiOS TODAY For just $84.99 a month for a year. With no annual contract, there's no reason to wait. YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GET FiOS. 

[00:26:01]


[ Male Announcer ] VISIT VERIZON.COM/WHYFIOS Now and see if you qualify for a $5 amazon gift card. There's no purchase necessary. WELCOME TO LIFE ON FiOS. CONTACT THE VERIZON Center for customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. 
>> Judge Brown: Now, I'm not worried about a man having a permanently scarred ankle. If you get around, you're gonna have scars, anyway. Ambulance bill? No. So, I'm gonna knock $650 off of this. That's like somebody decided they were gonna get a limo to the emergency room, and that's way overdoing it. So, what I will allow is $1,628 and your costs. 
>> Miss Sonia: This courtroom is now in recess. 
>> Jeanne: Land shark? No, it was a pocket pit bull at the beach, but it did take a bite out of the plaintiff's legs. So, the defendant is on the hook for the bills. Gets a reduced judgment. We'll be right back. 
>> Jeanne: We're back. The dog bite might have been minor, but the defendant's reaction to it was a major mistake. She is responsible for the actions of her dog, a dog that was not allowed on the path. Judgment for the plaintiff. To submit your case or check out new video clips, visit facebook OR judgejoebrown.com. 

[00:28:08]


--Captions by VITAC-- www.vitac.com Captions paid for by cbs television distribution 
>> Judge Brown: All of these holes, this one dog did? 
>> Yeah, he dug holes all around. 
>> I told her to immediately remove the dog. Two days after that, I was again 

﻿Title: Judge Joe Brown
Description: Unauthorized dogs cause damage; a truck's new owner wants a refund because the seller failed to produce a title.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

All rise for judge joe brown. ! 
>> Announcer: Experience... Knowledge... And a passion for the truth... 
>> Judge Brown: ...Protecting womanhood and promoting manhood. 
>> Announcer: ...Bringing no-nonsense justice to americans everywhere. 
>> Judge Brown: If you listen, you might learn something. 
>> Announcer: It's time for judge joe. 
>> Jeanne: Piles of pet feces puts an appraisal in peril. realtor DeAndra hayes is suing her former tenant for rent and cleaning fees. Defendant tiffany sumlin says her deposit covered any damage. Now it's "joe" time. 
>> Judge Brown: Let's see. Miss hayes, you are suing a former tenant, miss sumlin. 
>> Yes, sir, I am. 
>> Judge Brown: You say that's the result of an early breaking of the lease that was in effect and for the possession and keeping of unauthorized pets on the premises, causing excessive damage above and beyond wear and tear -- ordinary wear and tear. And the defense basically, miss sumlin, is to the effect that the plaintiff kept the security deposit and that ought to suffice, and you were led to believe you might have pets on the premises. So, let's see where we go with this. Miss hayes, you first, please, ma'am. 
>> Your honor, I had a property for lease at the end of 2011. The defendant located my property through her realtor. We agreed to a 13-month lease COMMENCING ON DECEMBER 18th. ON JANUARY 17th, I WAS CONTACTED 

﻿Title: Judge Judy - Ex-Lover Accusations
Description: After a man becomes romantically involved with his child's teacher, she accuses him of giving her a disease and mistreating his daughter.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 5/7/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

E. 
>> Announcer: And she's not done there. 
>> He was a womanizer, he was cheating on me every day, and as a result of his cheating, i end up getting a disease that almost killed me. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy." You are about to enter the courtroom of judge judith sheindlin. The people are real. The cases are real. The rulings are final. Captions paid for by cbs television distribution john taylor is suing his former friend chantelle allen for the return of property and for a fraudulent restraining order and false report to dcfs. 
>> Byrd: Order! All rise! This is case number 493 on the calendar in the matter of taylor vs. ALLEN. 
>> Judge Judy: Thank you. 
>> Byrd: You're welcome. Parties have been sworn in. You may be seated. Folks, have a seat. 
>> Judge Judy: Mr. Taylor, it is your claim that the defendant, who you refer to as a friend, has some property that she took back from you, she filed a false restraining order, and she filed a false report to the department of children and family services with regard to your caring for your daughter. 
>> Yes, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Ms. Allen says, in effect, that you sort of preyed on her. She had an interest in you. You had an interest in living together as a family. She spent an awful lot of money to see that that happened, and then you unceremoniously dumped her after she had paid for some living expenses for you, and she has a counterclaim. What was, in fact, your relationship with ms. Allen, mr. Taylor? 
>> It started out being a friendship. 
>> Judge Judy: A friendship. How old are you? 37, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: How old is she? 
>> She's 37 also. 
>> Judge Judy: When you say it started out being a friendship, explain that to me. 
>> Well, I was fighting a nasty custody battle with my daughter's mom. Right now, today, I have custody of my daughter. And she was my daughter's homeroom teacher, okay? D my daughter was coming to school disheveled, hair not being combed, not being fed. 

[00:02:01]


>> Judge Judy: Okay, so she was your daughter's homeroom teacher... 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> Judge Judy: ...And you're a single guy and she liked you. 
>> Well, I assume, yeah, after we -- 
>> Judge Judy: No, not "i assume" --he liked you... 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: ...More than just a friend. 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: And you, sir, did you like her more than just a friend? 
>> No. 
>> Judge Judy: How much money did you take from her? 
>> No money at all, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Did she put any money down on an apartment for you? 
>> No, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Nothing. She's not gonna be able to prove that to me? 
>> Correct. 
>> Judge Judy: So she didn't buy anything for you? 
>> She didn't buy anything for me, your honor, but she bought things for my daughter. 
>> Judge Judy: Like what? 
>> Well, she has two girls, too, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: What did she buy for your daughter? 
>> S her hair braided a couple of times. 
>> Judge Judy: What else? 
>> A couple of christmas gifts, like a winter coat. 
>> Judge Judy: What stuff do you want back that she took, sir? 
>> Well, at the time, she was tutoring me also, 'cause I was trying to obtain my paralegal-studies degree, and she told me that I needed to have an iphone like hers because I needed to download certain apps while I was in school and things like that, and I told her that that wasn't a good idea because I couldn't afford an iphone. 
>> Judge Judy: So far you're perfect. 
>> Mm-hmm. 
[ Light laughter ] 
>> Judge Judy: So far that's perfect. So you said, "no, I don't need an iphone." 
>> Yeah, 'cause I was content using the service that I had already. 
>> Judge Judy: Good. Keep going. 
>> Okay, so, she kept continuing to give her advances and telling me that I need these phones because she went through law school, as well, obtaining her paralegal degree and a bachelors in law administration, and she was -- 
>> Judge Judy: Get to the point, sir. You got a lot of papers on your desk. We're hardly past the phone. 
>> Okay, so, I had agreed to get myself and my daughter added on her plan because with the iphone -- 
>> Judge Judy: Just a minute. You skipped over buying the iphones. Who bought them? 
>> I did. 
>> Judge Judy: With your money? 
>> With my money. 
>> Judge Judy: Show me. 
>> I have receipts here, your honor. One, your honor, was purchased sometime before my daughter's birthday, and mine was purchased when she first asked me to agree to get on her plan. 

[00:04:02]


>> Judge Judy: Go ahead. 
>> It might be that he purchased his for $50. I can concede to that, but in terms of his daughter's iphone, she lost that one. Then I had to go back and beg at&t to give me another one. I had to pay double to get them to honor the upgrade twice because she lost the phone that he purchased. So I had to go back and buy another one because she was upset because everybody else had an iphone except her. So I went back and bought another one. 
>> Judge Judy: Just a second. , What you're telling me is you did not buy his? 
>> I guess I didn't buy his. I don't remember buying it. 
>> Judge Judy: Great. You didn't buy his, but you bought hers? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: You bought hers and you gave it to her... 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: ...As a gift. 
>> I gave it to her...Yes, I can concede to that. 
>> Judge Judy: Fine. And did you take it back? 
>> Yes, I did. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, you can't. You can't take back something that you gave somebody as a gift. 
>> Okay. I did, but I did, also, pay $352 a month for the cellphone plan, and he did not give me anything on the cellphone. 
>> Judge Judy: You shouldn't have done it. You shouldn't have done it. 
>> For the whole entire year -- 
>> Judge Judy: Shouldn't have done it. If he was on your cellphone plan and you let him get away with not paying for it for a whole year, that's your problem. 
>> That's not part of my complaint, anyway, so, that's fine. 
>> Judge Judy: Great. So, where's her iphone? 
>> I have it. 
>> Judge Judy: Okay, she has to get it back. Is it working? 
>> It's working. 
>> Judge Judy: Great. Gonna get back the iphone. What else? 
>> She has both of them. 
>> Judge Judy: Did you take his? 
>> Both: Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, he's got to get back both. You didn't buy his. 
>> I paid the plan. 
>> Judge Judy: I don't care whether you paid the plan or not -- he bought the phone. He gets back both phones. 
>> Okay. 
>> Judge Judy: Two phones. What else? 
>> She also has my flash drive with my classwork on it. 
>> Judge Judy: Is that the flash drive? 
>> But I had to take off some stuff. I'll give it to him when I take the stuff off. 
>> Judge Judy: No, you give it to him now. 
>> It has files on it -- my files that I have to take off. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, you should have done that before you came here. Now he'll take off your files and he'll send you back your files. You had no right to take the stuff. 
>> I didn't take it. I needed it to do his paralegal work, so I didn't take it from him. I was just using it and I just had it, and since we hadn't seen each other -- 

[00:06:05]


>> Judge Judy: Byrd, would you take that thing, please? We're gonna take it right here. 
[ Raps desk ] 
>> okay. All right, so, is it my turn to speak? 
>> Judge Judy: Not your turn. Right now I'm dealing with his complaint. 
>> That's fine. 
>> Judge Judy: Keep going. Now you have your flash drive and the two phones. What else? 
>> And a scientific calculator that I use for my stats clas 
>> Judge Judy: How did she get it? 
>> She got it because her daughter was starting in a particular school that her math class was using that particular scientific calculator. She asked me if her daughter could borrow it and I said "sure" because I withdrew from school because I was having surgery. 
>> Judge Judy: When did you give it to her? 
>> September. 
>> Judge Judy: September of 2011? 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> Judge Judy: Where's the calculator? 
>> The calculator -- I have it. 
>> Jud Judy: It goes back to him. 
>> Okay. 
>> Judge Judy: Am I being fair so far? 
>> Yes, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: What else? 
>> My tollway i-pass box, your honor. I let her use it, in her car, because she was making various trips using the toll, and I told her that, "i have an i-pass and you can use it." 
>> Judge Judy: And? 
>> She did that. When all of this transpired, I'd never gotten that back, and for me to get that back, I have to report that stolen or either i have to purchase another one. 
>> Judge Judy: I see. 
>> And I have that agreement here with me, as well. 
>> Judge Judy: Just a second. Do you have his transponder? 
>> Actually, it's there and he can have it, but I wasn't using it. He was using it to go back and forth. 
>> Judge Judy: "You have it" is the question. 
>> I have it. He can have it. 
>> Judge Judy: Great. 
>> It's just that we hadn't -- 
>> Judge Judy: Shh! Just a second. Let me just take care of what i can take care of, please, easily. We'll get to the hard stuff later. 
>> Okay. 
>> Judge Judy: So, transponder, two iphones, calculator, transponder. What else, ur. Taylor? 
>> That's it, your honor, as far as property. 
>> Judge Judy: That's all you want back and you got it. What else are you suing her for? 
>> Defamation of character because she slandered my name and my character, your honor, because I have residential custody of my daughter, legally, and I'm a little touched by this because I couldn't believe that this woman would do this to me and my daughter. 
>> Judge Judy: I don't know what she did, sir. 
>> She made false allegations about me and my daughter. 
>> Judge Judy: To? 
>> Okay, to dcfs, and she called my daughter's attorney, as well, with those allegations, and my daughter's mother's attorney with those allegations. And it was unfounded. It's not true. 

[00:08:07]


>> Judge Judy: You mean she made allegations that you were, in some way, neglecting or abusing your daughter? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: On what date did she do that? 
>> She did that on the 20th of december. 
>> Judge Judy: And when did you and ms. Allen start this friendship that you had had? 
>> A year prior to that, in the same month of december 2010. 
>> Judge Judy: Okay, and you decided that you were no longer going to be "frids"? 
>> Yeah, because I started seeing red flags in her. 
>> Judge Judy: It was after that that she called children services? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Ms. Allen, when did you call children services? 
>> I called children services on december 20, 2011. 
>> Judge Judy: And what allegation did you make to them? 
>> What allegations I made, is things that I observed and things that I was told. 
>> Judge Judy: No, no, no. 
[ Raps desk ] 
>> that he had inappropriate relations with his daughter. 
[ Spectators groan ] 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. 
>> He has let his daughter massage him with oils -- I've seen that. She comes out of the bathroom in a towel all the time, walks around with her breasts out in front of her father all of the time. 
[ Spectators groan ] not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you c see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:10:32]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. 
>> Announcer: Closed captioning is provided by... ] Biscuits. delicious. But say I press a few out flat... add some beef Sloppy Joe sauce... and cheese fold it all up and Boom! I just made an unbeatable Unsloppy Joe Pillsbury Grands Biscuits. Let the making begin. smooth, delicious hershey's chocolate with 30% less fat? New hershey's simple pleasures chocolate. 30% less fat, 100% delicious. 
>> Announcer: Real cases. Real people. "Judge judy." John taylor says his former friend chantelle allen owes for the return of property and for a fraudulent restraining order and false report to dcfs. Chantelle is countersuing for unpaid loans. 
>> Judge Judy: Ms. Allen, when did you call children services? 
>> I called children services on december 20, 2011. 
>> Judge Judy: And what allegation did you make to them? 
>> What allegations I made, is things that I observed and things that I was told. 
>> Judge Judy: No, no, no. 
[ Raps desk ] 
>> that he had inappropriate relations with his daughter, in a sense of that he sleeps in the bed with his daughter, and she wears underwear and camis. I have observed that. 

[00:12:33]


>> Judge Judy: Question. When, for the first time, did you observe that? 
>> I observed that... 
>> Judge Judy: Give me a month. 
>> It was like july. 
>> Judge Judy: In july? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: When was the next time you observed that? 
>> I observed that around september. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, then, what did you wait till december for? 
>> The reason why is because of the fact that it's just borderline inappropriate, but there's a reason why I called on DECEMBER 20th. 
>> Judge Judy: I'm asking you what the reason is! 
>> And the reason is, is that his daughter was complaining of having a [bleep] complaint 
[bleep] and then I was having that same complaint, so I felt that that was something weird with that. I went to the doctor and i found out that I had two diseases from him that he gave to me, and as a result of that, I went to the emergency room. I wasn't getting better. I had to stay at mercy hospital for four days, and I almost died of sepsis because of the two diseases that he gave me, and i have that documentation here. 
>> That's not true, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Just a second. 
>> We had a sexual relationship. 
>> Judge Judy: There's no question in my mind that you did. 
>> And here's those documents. 
>> Judge Judy: Stop. I don't need it. 
>> Okay. 
>> Judge Judy: My question is why you called children services. I'm not satisfied with your answer, ms. Allen. 
>> Okay, and I'll keep going. 
>> Judge Judy: I'm satisfied with the fact that you're mad at him, but I'm not satisfied with the fact that you observed something inappropriate in july and -- 
>> very. It was -- 
>> Judge Judy: I'm speaking. I'm speaking. You observed something in july, you observed something in september, and according to your own statement to me, you had sexual relations with him after that, and then you waited until something happened when he told you, "we're done," that you called children services. And he has custody of his daughter now, correct? 
>> He does now. 
>> And I have an agreement here, your honor, that's signed by a judge. 
>> Judge Judy: Are you saying "no"? 
>> No, I'm saying I didn't do that. I'm saying that's not the reason why I called. 
>> Judge Judy: Oh, I believe that you -- 
>> I didn't. It was borderline-inappropriate, but when I found out about the diseases, that made me believe that he -- 
>> Judge Judy: Borderline- inappropriate behavior -- listen to me. Hey, listen to me carefully. 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Borderline- inappropriate -- you're a teacher? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: You're a homeroom teacher? 
>> No, I'm a special-ed teacher. 
>> Judge Judy: You're a special-ed teacher? 

[00:14:34]


>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Do you know that you can lose your teaching license? Because if you observe conduct that you believe is inappropriate, you are a mandated reporting source, and, as a mandated reporting source, if you don't report abuse or suspected abuse, you lose your license. You do understand that? 
>> I talked to him about it, and he said he was gonna get her out of the bed. He was gonna stop sleeping with her in the bed. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, you told me the first time you saw it was in july, and then you saw it again in september. 
>> That's because I was not at the house all the time, and they -- 
>> Judge Judy: No, you said you saw it twice, so I assume the first time -- 
>> and I saw more things than that, and I can talk about those things. He has let his daughter massage him with oils. I've seen that. 
>> Judge Judy: So what? 
>> They're just very inappropriate. She comes out of a towel all the time, walks around with her breasts out in front of her father all the time, and I just really was struggling with that for months, what to do -- to report or not to report? 
>> Judge Judy: And you waited until after he dumped you in order to call children's services. 
>> No. No. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, I want to tell you something. You have a problem not with me, ms. Allen -- you have a problem with the board of education where you teach. That's where you have a problem, not necessarily with me. All right, mr. Taylor. You have all your property back. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Judge Judy: I'm never gonna figure out the motive -- i, sort of, think I understand it. She has an absolute right to call children's services. Doesn't have a right to call children's services if there is no basis for it and if she's doing it out of a vindictiveness or out of an anger, but that's a very hard thing for you to prove. So you're gonna get your property back. And you have your daughter? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: And your daughter is how old? 13. 
>> Judge Judy:13. So, clearly, the court spoke to your daughter, your daughter had a lawyer in this custody dispute to protect her rights and interests and who was also her voice to the court. 
>> They took my daughter temporarily out of my home because of her allegations, and it was around christmastime. 

[00:16:34]


>> Judge Judy: Well, you know, mr. Taylor, there's an old story about not eating and whatever in the same place. You're not supposed to get it all mixed up, sir. 
>> I agree. 
>> Judge Judy: You did. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. 
>> Judge Judy: I don't understand why in the world you would bring up this nasty side of the story, which you don't even discuss here in your papers. With over 200 varieties, keurig makes brewing a delicious cup of coffee simple. How does it brew such great coffee? Well... Inside the brewer are these green fields of coffee, and if you travel up this mountain, there's this huge coffee grinder. And then the coffee lands in this cup and water rushes through. Actually, I just press this button. Brew what you love, simply keurig. 
>> Announcer: Real cases. Real people. "Judge judy." John taylor says former friend chantelle allen won't return his property. He also claims chantelle filed false charges against him to the police and child protection. 

[00:18:49]


>> Judge Judy: All right, mr. Taylor. You knew that ms. Allen, or at least you suspected, that she wasn't wrapped too tight after a period of time. That's what you said -- you saw "red flags." 
>> Correct. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, if you weren't involved with her... 
>> I was not. 
>> Judge Judy: ...And you don't have to tell me -- I'm really not interested. She'stold me. And I believe that you had a friendship. You know, there are all kinds of friends. 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> Judge Judy: And even if it was just a friendship, you had no right to let her get involved with putting you on her cellphone plan and putting a tracking device on your cellphone. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Judge Judy: I mean, you know, all those things that I read here is a little crazy for somebody who doesn't need her. You don't need her. So, you get all your property back. Now, ms. Allen, you've got a couple of seconds to tell me what your counterclaim's all about. 
>> My counterclaim is the fact that I assisted the plaintiff with living expenses -- basically, a pls loan in the amount, which I gave him, of $2,337.49, and that was to be used for the apartment that i obtained for him, because he could not get an apartment on his own because he had no income, and he told me he was gonna give this money to me in a six-month period when he got his settlement, and I did not get that money back. 
>> Judge Judy: Just a second. Just a second. Let me just read your answer so that it sort of jibes with what you're telling me now. You never say here that you had an agreement that he was supposed to pay you back as a result of a settlement in six months. What you say here is, "since john cheated on me and we broke up, he needs to pay me back the money I spent since he made the agreement under false pretenses." 
>> He did make the agreement. He said he would pay me back. He said when he got his settlement, he would give me back my money. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, that's not what you said here. 
>> Okay. I even spent $341 to get his mother in an apartment. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, why'd you do that for? 341, which I gave, first month's rent and deposit for his mother to move from where she was staying to saint sabina village because it was a better place. I gave him that money two days before thanksgiving, and I also gave him money for the thanksgiving dinner that he catered, which he did not invite me to because he said his sister did not like me, so I set back and didn't go, and I found out it was because he had his 

[00:20:59]


-girlfriend there, because that's what he was doing. He was a womanizer. He was cheating on me every day. He took my car all day, and, going with her, he would go all over the place. And, as a result of his cheating, I ended up getting a disease that almost killed me, and I have an $11,000 mercy bill because of that. So, we had sexual relations since december 2010 and was together in that capacity, so that is why I'm saying to you that -- 
>> Judge Judy: What does this have to do with -- 
>> okay, let me explain. 
>> Judge Judy: You know, aside from the fact that you're supposed to be a smart lady, who's a teacher of special education in our school system, why in the world would -- I don't understand why in the world you would bring up this nasty side of the story, which you don't even discuss here in your papers, which has absolutely nothing to do with your case. 
>> Because he's trying to say we didn't have anything, we didn't have a sexual relationship. He actually in court, on the record, for our no-stalking order and said we never had sex, which was not true. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. Closed captioning sponon closed captioning sponsored by... think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. pressure. And when I get a cold I take Coricidin HBP. The number one pharmacist recommended cold brand designed for people with high blood pressure. Coricidin HBP. 
>> Announcer: Real cases. Real people. "Judge judy." mickelson. I've been fortunate to win on golf's biggest stages. But when joint pain and stiffness from psoriatic arthritisit, even the smallest things became difficult. I finally understood what serious joint pain is like. I talked to my rheumatologist and he prescribed Enbrel. Enbrel CAN HELP RELIEVE PAIN, STIFFNESS, And stop joint damage. BECAUSE Enbrel, ETANERCEPT, SUPPRESSES YOUR Immune system, it may lower your ability to fight infections. Serious, sometimes fatal events including infections, tuberculosis, lymphoma, other cancers, and nervous system and blood disorders have occurred. BEFORE STARTING Enbrel, Your doctor should test you for tuberculosis and discuss whether you've been to a region where certain fungal infections are common. DON'T START Enbrel IF YOU HAVE AN INFECTION Like the flu. Tell your doctor if you're prone to infections, have cuts or sores, have had hepatitis b, have been treated for heart failure, OR IF, WHILE ON Enbrel, YOU EXPERIENCE PERSISTENT Fever, bruising, bleeding, or paleness. 

[00:23:22]


[ Phil ] GET BACK TO THE THINGSTTTHAT MATTER Most. For you. 
[ Doctor ] Enbrel, THE NUMBER ONE BIOLOG Medicine prescribed by rheumatologists. FiOS, tv, better phone, better internet. It was like somebody like took our computer, shook all the junk out of it. We're actually getting more for our money WITH FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME TO GET MORE For your money. UPGRADE TO VERIZON FiOS INTERNET, TV AND Phone with our best price online. Just $84.99 a month, guaranteed for one year with no annual contract. There's at least three computers. 

[00:25:22]


[ Girl 1 ] A TABLET. [ Woman 1 ] COUPLE OF Gaming systems. We could all be running at the same time. We do not notice any dips. 
[ Male Announcer ] GET TV RATED #1 IN CUSTOMER Satisfaction. And get the school year off to a great start with america's fastest, most consistent and most reliable internet. Internet is absolutely imperative for school nowadays. Look up this, write an essay on that. MY LIFE IS GREATLY IMPROVED BECAUSE OF FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] MOVE UP TO FiOS TODAY For just $84.99 a month for a year. With no annual contract, there's no reason to wait. YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GET FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] VISIT VERIZON.COM/WHYFIOS Now and see if you qualify for a $5 amazon gift card. There's no purchase necessary. WELCOME TO LIFE ON FiOS. CONTACT THE VERIZON Center for customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. 
>> Judge Judy: Ms. Allen, he doesn't owe you any money. 
>> He doesn't owe me anymoney? 
>> Judge Judy: No. He doesn't owe you any money. 
>> So, he told me he was gonna pay me back for these things. 
>> Judge Judy: If I believe that, which I don't -- he told you he was gonna pay you back in six months, after he got his settlement -- 
>> right, he said when he got his settlement. 
>> Judge Judy: No, no, no, no. You're interrupting me. You're acting a little bit bizarre. 
>> Right. I was just in love -- that's my problem. 
>> Judge Judy: If I believe you, which I don't -- he said he was gonna pay you back in six months and when he got his settlement. Six months hasn't elapsed yet. 
>> But he got his settlement. 
>> Judge Judy: Six months hasn't elapsed yet. 
>> Okay. So, is he supposed to pay me later? 
>> Judge Judy: I said, "if i believe you, which I don't." 
>> Oh, you don't believe that i took this loan out for him? 
>> Judge Judy: No, I actually believe that you probably gave him money to put down on his apartment. 
>> This was myapartment. I was head of household for this apartment. 
>> Judge Judy: So, why didn't you move in? 
>> I was living there certain times. I was living there when taysha was not there. I wasn't living there all the time, but I was there. 
>> Judge Judy: Goodbye, ms. Allen. 
>> Okay. 
>> Byrd: Parties are excused. You may step out. 
>> Thank you. Thank you, your honor. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. 

[00:27:31]


>> I'm just glad it's over with. I'm glad that judge judy understood my position. 
>> Truth is, is that he was a womanizer, he used me. 
>> False. I'm a gentleman. I'm a nice guy. You know, I don't take advantage of women. 
>> I loved him and his daughter. They were gonna be homeless. 
>> This woman just was upset because I wouldn't date her. 
>> He would've lost his custody case if it wasn't for me. 
>> She couldn't accept that i terminated the friendship. 
>> I almost died in a hospital because of him and his womanizing. 
>> I wasn't in a sexual relationship with her. How can a person make that up in their mind? 
>> He's veryinappropriate with his daughter. 
>> That's not true. 
>> She comes out in towels. He's seen her naked. I mean, they're just inappropriate. 
>> It's heart-wrenching. You know, it's just really breaking me apart. 
>> I'm just going to be more careful when you meet people. 
--Captions by VITAC-- www.vitac.com 

[00:29:49]


>> Today on the "dr. Oz" show,al new, modern medicine versus medicine man. Two controversial health leaders both claim they've discovered the fount 

﻿Title: Judge Judy - Vandalism Catch 22; My Mother/My Enemy
Description: An 8-year-old vandalizes wet cement; a man says his mother stole his car.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

At fact, she put her foot inside the door and prevented him from closing the door and interrogated him about what he had done. 
>> Jududy: Interrogated him with regard to -- what did she say to him? Tell me. 
>> She asked him if he had ridden his scooter across and he had written his name in it. 
>> Judge Judy: And he said, "yes." 
>> Yes, he said, "yes." >?? Judge Judy: YES, AND...? 
>> And then she told him that he was a criminal and that he was in big trouble. 
>> Judge Judy: Told him he was a criminal. Did you say that? 
>> No, ma'am. I did not. 
>> Judge Judy: No way. No way. She may have said you were in big trouble, but there's no way... Listen, for every wrong, there is not necessarily a remedy. In this case, there's no remedy. He had to do an entire job all er again. That's not a pleasant thing. One of the reasons he had to do that is because you didn't, evidently, teach your son well enough that he wasn't supposed to do what he did. Now, he's 8 years old. He seems like a rather intelligent child. And maybe you didn't have the opportunity to say to him, "if you see fresh cement, somebody has worked on that. You're not supposed to deface other people's property." I assume you wanted to do that, but you just didn't have the chance. 
>> Yes, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Now you have the chance. 
>> We do. 
>> Judge Judy: Mr. Breneman's not paying you any money. He already had to do a job twice and only get paid for it once. Next time, protect it better or have somebody stay there. 
>> Okay. 
>> Judge Judy: It'll cost you less money. Okay. Thank you. That's all. 
>> Byrd: Parties are excused. You may step out. 
>> He was very honest with me. He said he and his friend did it. 
>> I was extremely upset... 
>> He's like, "i got to be honest with you. I did it, too." 
>> ...You know, to have my child interrogated in my own home. 
>> I didn't put my foot in the door or try to block anything. 
>> To have my wife find him huddled in a ball, crying when she got home... >?? I don't think he's a criminal. I think he's a good kid. He's cute. 
>> ...Not a very good experience at all. 
>> But it was vandalism. 
>> Announcer: And now the next case. 
>> Byrd: All parties in the MATTER OF REED vs. CLARK, Step forward. 
>> Announcer: Kenny reed is suing his mother, roxanne clark, for stealing his car. Kenny claims it was retaliation for a fight she had with his girlfriend. 
>> Judge Judy: Miss clark, I'm going to start with you. This is your son. 

[00:02:01]


>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: And at some point, your son needed a car. He had some money that he had to put down as a down payment, but the car was put in your >> yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Okay. The car was purchased when? 
>> FEBRUARY 23rd, I BELIEVE. 
>> Judge Judy: Of 2012? 2011. 
>> Judge Judy: And what did you put down as a down payment, mr. Reed? 4,500. 
>> Judge Judy: Do you have proof of that? 
>> Yes, I have the receipts. 
>> Judge Judy: Was it a lease or a sale? 
>> Uh, sale. 
>> Judge Judy: Cash price of the car was $11,900, and there's a $4,500 cash payment that he made. Now, your problem with your mom is that she took the car back at some point. She got angry with you. You had a falling-out. And you want the down payment back on the car. 
>> Correct. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. 
>> That wasn't the reason why she took the car. 
>> Judge Judy: Why did she take the ca 
>> she took the car because she didn't like my girlfriend, and the day she took the car, she insulted my girlfriend. They got into a physical altercation. ] not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the first time you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 

[00:04:47]


[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. 
>> Announcer: Closed captioning is provided by... ] Biscuits. delicious. But say I press a few out flat... add some beef Sloppy Joe sauce... and cheese fold it all up and Boom! made an unbeatable Unsloppy Joe Pill5bury Grands Biscuits. Let the making begin. smooth, delicious hershey's chocolate with 30% less fat? New hershey's simple pleasures chocolate. 30% less fat, 100% delicious. 
>> Announcer: Real cases. Real people. "Judge judy." Kenny reed says his mother, roxanne clark, lied to police and illegally repossessed a vehicle that belonged to him. 
>> Judge Judy: When did you have the falling-out -- on what date? 
>> The end of july, beginning of august of 2011. 
>> Judge Judy: And is that when she took the car back? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, where have you been this last year? 
>> Uh, home. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, why haven't you taken issue with your mother before? 
>> Because she kept telling me that she was gonna pay me my money and that she didn't have it at the time and when she got it, she would pay me. 
>> Judge Judy: Where is the car now? 
>> In her possession. 
>> Judge Judy: You have the car? 
>> Yeah, it'in my yard. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, you have to pay him the down payment. Why did you take the car back? Did he not make the payments? 
>> No, it had nothing to -- 
>> Judge Judy: He made the payments? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, that was your agreement. 
>> Can I say something to th 
>> Judge Judy: Sure. 
>> What happened is, I found out from my daughter that's sitting over there, I found out from her that aisha, the mother of kenny's kids, was excluded not to drive our vehicles, and i asked him -- 

[00:06:57]


>> Judge Judy: Just a second. What do you mean she was excluded? 
>> Well, I told him to get some insurance on her to drive the car. "If not, I'm gonna keep it." He said I'm not gonna keep the "F'ing CAR." He's gonna take it. So I picked up the phone and dialed the police and explained to them what was going on. 
>> Judge Judy: Why didn't you get insurance for your girlfriend for the car? 
>> I did. 
>> Judge Judy: You did? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: When? 
>> Later down the line, after she took the car. 
>> Judge Judy: What do you mean, "later"? 
>> After she already took the car. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, after she took the car, it was too late. Why didn't you get it before? 
>> But that wasn't the reason why she took the car. 
>> Judge Judy: Why did she take the car? 
>> She took the car because she didn't like my girlfriend, and her and my girlfriend got into a fight the day she took the car. She insulted my girlfriend, so they got into a physical altercation, and that was the reason why she took the car. 
>> Judge Judy: You have the car now? 
>> Yes, I do have the car. 
>> Judge Judy: Who drives it? 
>> Nobody. I have my own cars, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, you've had the car since august of last year. 
>> And it's been sitting in my yard, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: So why didn't you sell it? 
>> Because I thought he was gonna go get the insurance on the car and come back and get the car, your honor, but he didn't. I have proof that he went and dropped the insurance on the car. 
>> That's not true. 
>> Yes, it is. 
>> Judge Judy: Shh, shh, shh! Don't speak. 
>> Your honor, I have the paperwk -- 
>> Judge Judy: Don't speak. Shh. Listen to me. Do you want the car? 
>> No. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, your mother says all you have to do is show her proof of insurance, and now you say you have it, that your girlfriend is on your insurance -- 
>> no, she's not on my insurance. She has her own insurance. 
>> Judge Judy: Fine. Great. All you have to do is show that to your mother so that when this car is driven, and if you let your girlfriend drive the car, then your mother is not liable for any accidents she has, and go and get your car. Your mother says it's sitting in the yard, and it's been sitting there since -- put your hd down. And it's been sitting there since last april. 
>> Can I -- 
>> Judge Judy: So you have two choices. Listen to me, sir. Your mother says she has her own is that right? 
>> Yes, I do have my own cars. 
>> Judge Judy: And who is this? 
>> My husband. 
>> Judge Judy: You have a car? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Great. So they have no need for your car. The only problem is -- put your hand down. The only problem is, she's been making the payments on the car. 

[00:09:04]


>> Can I say something? She's been driving the vehicle. 
>> Can I -- 
>> Judge Judy: Listen to me. Listen to me, sir! Pay careful attention to me! 
>> Okay. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. 
>> She tries to control people. 
>> Judge Judy: You have two choices! She doesn't want this car. 
>> She does. I have voicemails -- 
>> Judge Judy: Listen to me. 
[ Raps desk ] listen to me, sir. With over 200 vavarieties, keurig makes brewing a delicious cup of coffee simple. How does it brew such great coffee? Well... Inside the brewer are these green fields of coffee, and if you travel up this mountain, there's this huge coffee grinder. And then the coffee lands in this cup and water rushes through. Actually, I just press this button. Brew what you love, simply. Keurig. "I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message." "I'll protect Social Security and Medicare." C'mon Tom Smith. It's time to shoot straight. Tom Smith is the millionaire Tea Party founder who supports a radical budget... ...that would cut Social Security benefits by nearly 40 percent... ...and end Medicare in two years...even for current recipients. Why? To give big tax breaks to millionaires like himself. Tom Smith. Extremely wrong for Pennsylvania. 

[00:11:06]


>> Announcer: Real cases. Real people. "Judge judy." Kenny reed is suing his mother, roxanne clark, for stealing his car. Kenny claims it was retaliation for a fight she had with his girlfriend. 
>> Judge Judy: Now, you have two choices -- either show your mother proof of insurance and go and get your and start making the payments or I'm dismissing your case. Those are your choices. Your choice is not that your moer's gonna pay you $4,500. She's willing to give you the car. She doesn't need your car. So that's your choice. Do you want to go get your car and show your mother proof of insurance, or do you want me to dismiss your case? Those are your choices. 
>> Can I say something? She tries to control people. 
>> Judge Judy: You have two choices! Your choices are as follows -- 
>> I already bought another car, your honor. 
>> Judge Judy: Well, then, sell it. She doesn't want this car. 
>> She does. 
>> She does. I have voicemails of her -- 
>> Judge Judy: Listen to me. She just told me -- 
>> your honor -- 
>> Judge Judy: [ Raps desk ] listen to me, sir. Be very careful about this. There is no $4,500. It's gone. As soon as you leave a dealership, the down payment that you've put on a car is evaporated in depreciation. So these are your choices -- either your mother says that the car is yours -- all you have to do is show her proof of insurance. Is that correct? 
>> Yes. 
>> Judge Judy: Perfect. ...Or I dismiss your case. What is yourleasure? 
>> Can I say something? 
>> Judge Judy: You already said it. I've already given you your choices. 
>> She agreed to pay me my $4,500 back for -- 
>> Judge Judy: She's not paying you your $4,500. It's not happening. 
>> Well, I don't want the car, because I already purchased another car. 
>> Your honor... 
>> She's not gonna give it to him. 
>> Judge Judy: Listen to me. All you have to do is go and get e car, and whatever equity -- put your hand down! And whatever equity you have left in it, whatever money you have left, then it's your money. But you drove the car. As soon as you drive the car, sir, that equity that you put into it, that $4,500, it's depreciated. I don't know how much it is. The only one who will know how much it is is you, if you sell it. And if you want to do that, I'll be more than happy to make that as an order. Your mother says the car is sitting in the yard. If she was lying to me, that's herproblem, because the marshal is gonna go and get it. 

[00:13:45]


>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. Closed captioning sponsored by... think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. pressure. And when I get a cold I take Coricidin HBP. The number one pharmacist recommended cold brand designed for people with high blood pressure. Coricidin HBP. 
>> Announcer: Real cases. Real people. "Judge judy." mickelson. I've been fortunate to win on golf's biggest stages. But when joint pain and stiffness from psoriatic arthritis hit, even the smallest things became difficult. I finally understood what serious joint pain is like. I talked to my rheumatologist and he prescribed Enbrel. Enbrel CAN HELP RELIEVE PAIN, STIFFNESS, And stop joint damage. BECAUSE Enbrel, ETANERCEPT, SUPPRESSES YOUR Immune system, it may lower your ability to fight infections. Serious, sometimes fatal events including infections, tuberculosis, lymphoma, other cancers, and nervous system and blood disorders have occurred. BEFORE STARTING Enbrel, Your doctor should test you for tuberculosis and discuss whether you've been to a region where certain fungal infections are common. DON'T START Enbrel IF YOU HAVE AN INFECTION Like the flu. Tell your doctor if you're prone to infections, have cuts or sores, have had hepatitis b, have been treated for heart failure, OR IF, WHILE ON Enbrel, YOU EXPERIENCE PERSISTENT Fever, bruising, bleeding, or paleness. 
[ Phil ] GET BACK TO THE THINGSTTTHAT MATTER Most. For you. 
[ Doctor ] Enbrel, THE NUMBER ONE BIOLOG Medicine prescribed by rheumatologists. ?????? ?????? we were skipping stones ?????? ?????? and letting go ?????? ?????? over the river and down the road ?????? 

[00:15:52]


[ Female Announcer ] AT NATURE VALLEY, We know nature comes together in amazing ways. That's why we bring together natural ingredients, like dark chocolate with toasted oats, or sweet golden honey. Perfect combinations of nature's delicious ingredients, from nature valley. ?????? ?????? ?????? I was thinking that I hope this never ends ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] NATURE VALLEY GRANOLA Bars, nature at its most delicious. 

[00:17:57]


>> Judge Judy: Now, you can get it, finish making the payments, sell it, and if you have $4,500, $5,500, $6,500, it's yourmoney. Why would you not want to do that? 
>> Because the car is still in her name. 
>> Judge Judy: She's gonna put it in yourname as soon as youit. 
>> Okay, well, I'll take the car, then. 
>> Judge Judy: Great! Good. We'll prepare the order. Thank you very much. 
>> Can I speak on that? 
>> Byrd: Parties are excused. You may step out. 
>> Announcer: "Judge judy" continues in a moment. And on the next "judge judy"... 
>> Beca lot of trouble... 
>> I don't know what she's talking about. 
>> ...So I got him out of his lowrider... 
>> She kept coming around, all type of voicemails leaving me, talking mess... 
>> ...And put him in a car, and it wasn't appreciated. 
>> ...You know, and I just got tired of it. 
>> They stay away from me and leave me alone. 
>> I hope things just get better, you know... 
>> I'm gonna go back to san diego and go have restraining orders... 
>> ...As time goes on. 
>> ...Placed on both of my kids. 
--Captions by VITAC-- www.vitac.com 

[00:20:51]


>> I couldn't believe th this woman would do this to me. 
>> Judge Judy: I don't know what she did, sir. 
>> Announcer: A father brought to tears. 
>> She made false allegations about me and my daughter. 
>> He sleeps in the bed with his daughter, and she wears 

﻿Title: King of the Hill - 24 Hour Propane People
Description: When Strickland finds himself banned from his favorite strip club, he refocuses on making Strickland Propane a fun place to work.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 4/23/2006
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

- ?????? Friendly faces everywhere ?????? the computer models take it to the north. But some of them veer it back off out to sea. And that is starting to come into line right now with those latest computer models. You can see here curving it back out one it moves through the bahamas. We still have to time to watch it so we could have indirect impacts by the upcoming weekend, and increase in the surf. Perhaps a few clouds and also some shower chances so we'll watch that. But in the meantime, temperatures staying well above average over the next seve days. But back to where they should be by the second half of the weekend into early next week. 
>> Low 60s. That still doesn't look bad. Not bad. Especially with the sun, right. 
>> Still pretty comfortable. 
>> Scott, thank you. 
>> Howard, what's going on? 
>>> After the eagles lost to detroit about a week ago there were some second guessing of a coach that got fired. Today or actually that was yesterday at this point. Nnamdi asomugha explained what he meant to say. from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. 

[00:03:32]


>> Monday the eagles came back to many questions whi they had the week off the previous week. The eagles getting ready for the undefeated atlanta falcons at the linc on sunday. Now, I know it will sound crazy, but the eagles are actually the favorites on sunday. But it's the last game that the fans remember. The fourth quarter loss to detroit. A loss where nnamdi asomugha questioned the defense played by the eagles in the final quarter. Two days later, the eagles fire their defensive coordinator juan castillo. Nnamdi addressed that yesterday. 
>> I had agh time last week when those stories came out, um, to be honest, because that -- it was more so a character thing, you know, something I would never do as a player and I think we continue to get to know each other, but there's -- there's no underlying, like, this was said but it might have meant this. I wouldn't do that to a coach and especially juan just 'cause as far as a player/coach relationship we had been so communicative. It wasn't a good feeling but after speaking to him and him knowing that wasn't the case i think it made it, um, a lot better but I don't think that had anything to do with, um, you know, him being let go or anything. 
>> Michael vick was next to be questioned about his starting job and maybe losing it to nick foles. Vick said, all the players needed to play better. Expect a change on the offensive line. Cutting down a conference leading 17 turnovers would help. But eagles wide receiver jeremy maclin says, we are all overreacting to the team's three and three record. 
>> There's no need for panic right now, man. We are -- we're going to go out there and play football. I'll let you guys do all the panicking and that's your job, but as far as us, it's our job to go out there and play football. 
>> I don't panic. Do you guys panic? We don't panic here. Players will do anything to circumvent the rules. Now, watch and listen how emmanuel sanderson last night's pittsburgh/cincinnati football game got an extra time out for the steelers by faking an injury. 

[00:05:40]


>> All I know is that emmanuel sanders was in the huddle. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> And then, oh, boy here comes the cramp. 
>> Right. 
>> He goes down so now they don't have to burn the timeout. 
>>> Yup. 
>> And that is a savvy play. Let's call it that on the part of pittsburgh steelers. 
>>> But our cameras are everywhere and we'll see how savvy it is in the league office tomorrow. 
>> Come on. 
>> That's a soccer move right th. 
>>> Was that collins worth who said it was savvy. 
>> Yes. 
>> I like his choice of words. 
>> Players can do anything. 
>> Thanks everyone for staying up l fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. captioning sponsored in part by... i cheeseburger with bacon and portabella mushrooms. Have you had lunch yet? Nope. That's the power of wendy's new hot and melty bacon portabella melt. Now that's better. ! Ain't this great, Ol' Top? Good times, laughs... Yeah, but what about propane? That's what we're actually selling here. Uh-uh. That's the old way of thinking. What we're selling is a fun environment to buy propane in. Are you sure they're gonna let us in for free just because you work for the paper? Good point, Bobby. I will need to make them think I'm here on official business. Hello. Peggy Hill, Arlen Bystander. Our readers want to know if a goat really could save a down-and-out football team. Eleven dollars. Have you ever heard of freedom of the press? That means I don't pay. Okay. Uh, four dollars for the kid. Pay the man, Bobby! I'm off to review some popcorn. What happened to "boy also"? Sorry I'm late. Buck's making us have so much fun all day there's no time to get to the actual work. I thought you wanted Buck to spend more time at the office. Well, that was before he got all his priorities out of whack. Now, I've got to learn... juggling to entertain customers. I can teach you the most essential fun skill of all, Hank. "Throwing your voice." Who said that? "I did." Well, are you behind that tree over there? "No, I'm in the garbage can." Whoever you are, don't bother me while I sip my beer. 

[00:13:05]


( gargled, muffled, indistinct chatter) 
( coughing) Okay, that last time was me. And remember. Propane's not just a gas; it's agas. Hank! I can't breathe with this on. 
( coughing) I can't really swallow this thing, honey. That was just talk. Just hang in there, guys. All this nonsense can't be good for business, and sooner or later, Mr. Strickland has to realize it. 
( electronic yipping) 
( sighs heavily) Well, at least that means it's closing time. Now we can finally get to inventory, maybe make it home in time for dinner. What's everybody doing? I don't hear any laughing. Well, we're all doing inventory, sir. And Joe Jack may be going to the urgent care. I poked my talk tube. Inventory?! That's boring. We can do that kind of stuff later. Right now, we should... be playing putt-putt golf! Golf?! Sir, no, we really have... What we have to do is build some team spirit! You said I could count on you, Hank. Well, I'm counting. So the putt-putt golf is mandatory? No. It's fun-datory. And, hey, after that, we can have a pizza party! 
( tearfully): Pizza? 
( sighs): I'm full. But I think we better review the whole dessert cart, anyway. My readers deserve nothing less. Bobby, I'll be right back. Incredibly expensive wine goes right through you. And we didn't even make it back to the office because the dang pizza place had a karaoke machine. You never really notice that "American Pie" is seven minutes long until your boss makes you sing it. How was their pizza? Big choice of toppings? Dessert bar? Sounds like there's a story there for me around lunchtime. You're lucky you can enjoy your work. Tomorrow I'm the official Strickland Tickler. 

[00:15:07]


( sighs): I might have to call in sick. Hey, I don't look like a bunny, I look like a goat. This is about the barbecue mitts, isn't it? Look, I know this has been tough, but Buck's going over receipts right now. He's still a businessman, and there hadn't been a customer in here all day. Once he sees we're losing money, he'll pull the plug on all this gotdang fun. 
( Buck clears throat) Buck: All right, attention, everyone! I just been going over our financials, and the news ain't good. Ah, gracias, madre de Dios. It's great! In the first week of business, the new, fun Strickland made $300 more than the old, boring Strickland. Business is up?! Yeah, and we're just starting. Sir, we're all kind of exhausted. Exhausted?! Don't worry, 'cause I got something for that. Besides, we got to do inventory tonight. And you know what's gonna make that fun? Check your desk drawers, and you're gonna find out. Pajamas?! Yeah! Hank was right all along! Dang if work can't be fun! We gonna have us a all-night slumber party. ...is brought to you New pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY? 5-hour ENERGY supports the avon Foundation for Women Br Cancer Crusade. So I can get the eneized feeling I need and support a great cause? I'm sold. Pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY? Yeah and a portion of every sale goes to the Avon Foundation for Women Breast Cancer Crusade. I'm sold. New pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY. Get the alert, energized feeling you need and support breast cancer research and access to care. ] that? That's the sound of car insurance companies these days. Here a cheap, there a cheap, everywhere a cheap... You get it. So, what if instead of just a cheap choice, you could make a smart choice? Like, esurance for example. They were born online and built to save people money from the beginning. It's what they've always done. Not just something they cheap about. That's insurance for the modern world. Esurance. Now backed by allstate. Click or call. Go! garden.N. Go for fresh tossed, fresh baked, and homemade. Dip into new chicken & potato florentine you know you want to. Go lunch on unlimited soup salad, and breadsticks for only $6.95 when you go olive garden. I got to bust out of here, Hank. You don't know this, but I've been locked up before. You're not locked up. You're just kind of being held hostage. After the game's over, we'll get inventory done and get the heck out of here. Popcorn's in the microwave! What word we on? Pomegranate. And Joe Jack's narrowed it down to three definitions. "Pomegranate: "What a cheerleader cheers with; "A fruit with juicy seeds; "or a sack of dirt you hit yourself on the head with." Um, that one, I guess? Joe Jack, you stink at "Dictionary." A pomegranate's a fruit, boy, a fruit! A delicious fruit. That's your new 

[00:19:54]


nickname: pomegranate! Can we get to work? It-It's my husband's birthday for another ten minutes. I just want to get home. Ah, Enrique, you're not the wet blanket anymore! She is. Hank, I can't take this anymore. Just hold on, Enrique. This can't go on forever. Oh, God, he's got Risk. Buck: Look alive, Enrique! Kamchatka is calling Japan out! Maybe that should be our cue to ca it a night, sir. What's the matter with you peopl Now, I try to makrking in a crummy propanerie fun, and... Well, plainly, I need to soak a bunch of more wet blankets! I won't wear the blanket again, honey. I swear I won't. I hate it, too, but you can't argue with Mr. Strickland. Not when business is up. I mean, look at this. We were up 40 bucks on Monday, 80 on Tuesday. 60 Wednesday... Huh. It's always exact increments of $20. Wait a second. Donna, does Buck know the combination to t cash box? Sure. Every time we go to Jugstore Cowboys, he'd help himself to some 20s. That's why business is up. It's just because Buck isn't raiding the register and blowing the money at the strip bar. When he comes back, I saw we throw a blanket over his head and do what feels right. Sure, but the moment he regains consciousness, we're right back where we started. Enrique, make sure Joe Jack doesn't kill Mr. Strickland while I'm gone. You got to let Buck come back, Keith. He's your best customer. Well, the girls are kind of thrown off. They're so used to Buck being in his usual seat, half the time they end up plopping down on an empty chair. And if I'm not mistaken, your revenues are down by at least $300 a week. Okay, if he crawled here on his hands and knees and begged forgiveness, I might consider taking him back. Well, he won't do that now. Buck wanted to come here to apologize the very next day after his banishment, but I talked him out of it. I'm the one you should ban from Jugstore's, not Buck. Then you're banished, too! But that doesn't change anything with Buck. Look, you guys need each other. Well, it would sure be nice to hear Buck say that. Huh. Buck: Truth or dare, Enrique. Ever kill anyone? No! I thought you were going to take a dare. I was going to blindfold you and make you sniff the mystery foot. 

[00:22:34]


( phone rings) Strickland Propane, it's a gas, gas, gas! Sir, I'm over here at the Frozen Cow Creamery, and they've got a new fun activity I think you might want to steal. Oh! I'm gonna go right now! I'm gonna run right over there...! Make a run for it! Is it a contest? Is it a new flavor? We'll get to that. Hey, Troy, how about a mother lode of Berry Interesting? I'm on it. 9:15. Isn't that when Trixie goes on? Uh, usually. I mean, sometimes, Raven takes that shift. I don't know. Sometimes, they-they both, uh... 
( to "Row, Row Your Boat"): ?????? Eat, eat, eat ice cream ?????? ?????? Here at Frozen Cow ?????? ?????? Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily ?????? ?????? Eat your ice cream now. ?????? 
( sniffs): You smell that, Hank? Smell like them Swedish meatballs they serve at Jugstore's. 
( laughs) Y-You don't have a new Swedish meatball flavor, do ya, boy? Course not, course not. 
( chuckling): I must be sleep-deprived or something. Maybe. Hey, could you break this 20 into, uh, singles? Huh? For a tip? Shouldn't we be getting back to the office? Sir, I've got 20 singles for you. Now, do you want to put 'em back in the register at work, or put 'em in the tip jar here so you can hear Troy sing some more, or put 'em to use over at Jugstore Cowboys? 
( clears throat) Joe Jack was working on some tongue twisters that were pretty nifty, and-and I... Gotdang, I'm smelling meatballs! I want to go to my strip club! Then do it, sir. I can't. Fact is, I wasa shade guilty of gluttony vis-a-vis Keith's buffet, but I can't apologize to him. I just can't. You just did, Buck. And I accept. I... I didn't apologize, you ol' humpback toad. Ah, I got you. Well, this isn't an apology, either, but, uh, I do like to defrost a tray of hors d'oeuvres for my best customer. Well, why don't you two gentlemen continue this discussion of who's not apologizing in a more adult atmosphere? I believe I know just the place, but I might be the latest smidge getting back to the office. Hank, can I count on you to keep things on track at Strickland? You know, with the fun and such? I guarantee it. Joe jack: There's your pomegranate, honey. You're right, Hank. This bonfire is fun. Yep, and you know what's gonna be even more fun? Getting back to work. ] than lobster. You cbn mix and match all day! 

[00:25:21]


[ Male Announcer ] DON'T MISS Red lobster's endless shrimp, just $14.99! Try as much as you like, any way you like! Like parmesan crusted shrimp. Hurry in, offer ends soon! I'm ryan isabell and I see food differently. ] 
[ wig placement ] 
[ eagle screeches ] If id gum can taste kinda like peppermint and kinda like a hint of something else, then kinda like bald eagles, and kinda like bald eagles with hair. 
[ screeching/cawking eagles ] [ Male Announcer ] Id gum. 
[ whooshing/explosions ] KINDA MORE THAN Gum. Kinda amazing. do bounce? I'm a sheets girl, but I don't just put'em in the dryer to freshen up my clothes. I put'em in my shoes, I put'em in my car, I put'em in my vases. Girl, I been put'n'em for as long as I can remember. 
[ Male Announcer ] HOW DO YOU GET YOUR BOUNCE? 
[ Woman ] SHEETS, I PUT'EM! worth home. Some aerosols may just mix with them. Can febreze remove them? Describe the smell. It's very pleasant. Some kind of flower maybe? ?????? ?????? awww, oh yuck! Febreze air effects doesn't mix, it actually removes odors so you can breathe happy. He wants you to bring him some pants. ?????? ?????? 

[00:28:41]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU LIKE MOVIES THAT Make you laugh... 
[ sirens ] ...Tv dramas... ?????? ?????? ...Timeless classics, or whatever else, then you'll love netflix. Netflix lets you watch unlimited movies and tv episodes on your pc or tv via game console or other devices connected to the internet. Browse genres, and get personalized suggestions. It's instant, it's unlimited. And it's only 8 bucks a month. Start your free trial today. 

﻿Title: Martha Speaks - Dogs in Space; Dogs From Space
Description: T.D. has trouble concentrating on his class project about the solar system; Martha dreams about life as an alien space dog.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 1/23/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Kiddie Academy Child Care Learning Centers... proud supporter of PBS Kids. Providing educationally fosed child care, preparing children for school and for life. Kiddie Academy... ion for Public Broadcasting, a Cooperative Agreement from the U.S. Department of Education's Ready-to-Learn Grant... And by contributions to your PBS station from: verage dog ?????? ??????She went... and... and... ?????? (barking, growls) ?????? When she ate some alphabet soup ?????? ?????? Then what happened was bizarre... ?????? On the way to Martha's stomach, the letters lost their way. They traveled to her brain and now... ?????? She's got a lot to say ?????? ?????? Now she speaks... ?????? How now, brown cow? ?????? Martha speaks, yeah, she speaks and speaks ?????? ?????? And speaks and speaks and speaks... ?????? What's a caboose? When are we eating again? ?????? Martha speaks... ?????? Hey, Joe, what do you know? My nams not Joe. ?????? She's not always right, but still that Martha speaks. ?????? Hi, there! ?????? She's got a voice, she's ready to shout ?????? ?????? Martha wi tell you what it's all about ?????? ?????? Sometimes wrong but seldom in doubt ?????? ?????? Martha will tell you what it's all about ?????? ?????? That dog's unique... ?????? Testing, one, two! ?????? Hear her speak ?????? ?????? Martha speaks and speaks ?????? ?????? And speaks and speaks and... ?????? ?????? Communicates, enumerates ?????? ?????? Elucidates, exaggerates ?????? ?????? Indicates and explicate??? ?????? Bloviates and overstates and... ?????? 
(panting) ?????? ...hyperventilates! ?????? ?????? Martha, to reiterate ?????? Martha ss! ??????Martha speaks. ?????? 
TD: Hello! Welcome to the show. This is astronaut TD. And astronaut Martha! Today's show is all about space. So you'll hear words like... 
TD: "Universe"... 
MARTHA: "Constellation"... 
TD: "Solar system"... 
MARTHA: "Planet"... 
TD: "Star"... 

[00:02:00]


MARTHA: "Orbit"... 
TD: See you 'round the nebula! 
(both grunt) Whoa, careful with those retro rockets. 
MRS. CLUSKY: I want you to choose a project that demonstrates what you've learned about space and our solar system. As you know, our solar system is made up of the sun and all of the planets that orbit around it. Any questions? What does "orbit" mean? "Orbit" means that something travels around something else. The earth and the other planets orbit, or go around, the sun. Any more questions? Ooh, ooh, ooh! What kind of cheese is the moon made of again? 
(sighing): TD! What? It was a joke. I think I'll build a model of the solar system. I've got this basketball that would make a perfect sun. Mmm, I guess that's an okay idea. Well, what's your idea? Only the best class project in the history of class projects, thanks to one of my dad's coolest inventions. The Autojet 8000! My dad invend it. While everyone else is stuck on Earth dreaming of space, I'll be up there taking pictures. And now to begin the launch sequence. Ten... nine... eight... Uh, TD? Shh, don't interrupt the launch sequence. Seven... six... five... But, TD... No, it's too late. There's no turning back. Farewell, good people and dogs of Earth. Prepare to witness the best class project in the history of school. 
(jetpack whirring, explosion) 
(wind rustling) I was trying to tell you, you forgot to buckle in. 
(laughs sheepishly) This will make a good sun for my solar system. 

[00:04:04]


(chewing loudly) Hey, you're getting slobber all over Neptune. Neptune? Looks like a ball to me. For my project, each of these is a planet. A planet is a large round object in space that orbits around a star. See? Our planet is Earth and it orbits around the sun, just like that. When you put all of the planets together, it's called the solar system. Wow. You make the solar system look so chewable. Sorry, I can't have bite marks and slobber on my planets. 
(sighs) 
(TD sighs again) What is it, TD? I wish I lived on another planet-- one where I didn't have to do class projects. With no more jet pack, I have no idea what to do. 
HELEN: I'm sure you'll think of something. Right now, I need to find a Jupiter. Hmm... Perfect! Cool! What are those? Just a bunch of my Dad's old comics. The Outer Space Chronicles, starring Chuck Nebula. Hey! He looks like me! Huh? Hey, can I borrow these? Maybe they'll help me think of an idea for my project. Sure. 
(sighs) 
(garbled): I can't help it. 
(gasps) Hang on, you said the sun is a star? That's right. But the sun is way bigger and brighter than a star is. Stars are little tiny things that only come out at night. Stars look small because they're far away, but actually they're big balls ofurning gas, just like the sun. The sun is a star that's close to us, so it looks bigger. 

[00:06:12]


(Helen gasps) 
MARTHA: What's TD doing here? Oh, he probably spent all weekend reading comic books and still has no idea what to do for his project. Whoa! I spent all weekend reading comic books and I still have no idea what to do for my project. Mm-hmm. But that's the least of my problems. Look-- Chuck is finally able to fend off the evil Omega Squad androids, but they blow up his spaceship, so he uses his escape pod and ends up on a mysterious deserted planet! And? That's the problem-- I don't know! "To be continued." I can't stand "to be continueds." Where's the last book in the series? I'll gcrazy if I don't figure out how it ends. Sorry, but I only saw the comics that were in the box. 
(door opens) Dad! We found your favorite comic. Pinky the Pony? I think you might have been older. 
DAD: The Outer Space Chronicles! Oh, this is the one where Chuck battles the Omega Squad androids and Commander... ...Commander Zylon uses his freeze ray to turn Chuck to a block of ice! "You'll never get away with this, Zylon!" Yeah, but I need the next issue of the series to find out what happens. 
(sighs) I hate to tell you this, TD, but Baltimore Comics went out of business after that issue. Wait, you mean this is the last one? There's no ending? 
(sighing): That's right. I was so depressed when I found out. I didn't get over that for years. Somehow I managed to forget it. Till now. 
(sighs) A whole lifetime? It was bad enough having to wonder about Chuck Nebula all morning. Well, why don't you draw the last comic? That could be your school project-- finishing the story once and for all. Dogs have the best ideas! 

[00:08:24]


(Skits barks, growls) Sometimes. Do you think I could use some of your art supplies? Sure. Okay, here we go. When last we saw Chuck Nebula, he was stranded on a mysterious deserted planet, one that isn't even in his intergalactic navigation system. 
MARTHA: But maybe the planet isn't really deserted. In fact, there's a dog. Actually, there are a lot of dogs. It's a planet ruled by dogs-- Thanet of the Dogs! Wait, are you sure all of the dogs on this planet should look like you? 
(scoffing): Of course. And the dogs are really happy because they've just discovered the secret of the universe. The end. 
TD: No, the dogs are upset because they're under attack... By evil space cats hurling radioactive hairballs. Follow me to the escape pod! 
MARTHA: I think the escape pod should be slender, but with two double bumps on the end. Just like that. Hurry! We can aim for the moon. Which one? This planet has eight moons. Eight moons? How can a planet have eight moons? Mrs. Clusky said that planets can have more than one moon. He's right. See? This is a homework assignment. I have to be realistic. Now, where were we? Oh yeah, space cats were attacking. Should I start the countdown? We don't have time for a countdown. We've got to get out of here! 
TD: But when they go to start it up, the escape pod is out of fuel. We need fuel! What does this thing run on? Milk. 

[00:10:26]


HELEN: But help was on the way. What? I wanted to help. Help was on the way. A laundry basket? Sure. I always pretend our laundry basket is a spaceship. Grab on! 
(screeching) I'm Commander Helen of the Century Fleet. We're taking our spaceship from galaxy to galaxy on a very important mission. 
(device beeping) A wool stripey! You're collecting socks? Yup. You see, when socks get lost in the dryer, they're actually sucked into a rip in the space-time continuum that flings them to galaxies in the far reaches of the universe. Commander, we've got an argyle! Activate the retrieval arm. 
HELEN: No, no, more like a robot arm. One day I'll return all of the socks to the good people of the Earth. 
HELEN: And everyone lived happily ever after. Except then... space pirates appear in a spaceship! And they're trying to steal all of the socks to turn them into an evil army of sock puppets. What's with the vacuum cleaner? I definitely heard Mrs. Clusky say something about the giant vacuum of space. Reverse engines! 
HELEN: But the pirates' vacuum is too strong and they accidentally suck up one of the moons of Jupiter. 
(cheering) High five! And they all lived happily ever after, making sure that no socks were used for evil purposes. Well, I didn't really understand the ending, buyou did use a lot of space words. Still, I do wish you'd been more realistic. Things like that don't ally happen in space. 

[00:12:42]


GIRL: Look! Something's falling from the sky! 
GIRL: What is it? It's... it's... 
(loud crash) 
MRS. CLUSKY: A jet pack? Well... I guess there are some things in space we don't know much about. All right, TD, B-plus. 
(cheering) 
DAD: Kapow! Whoo boom! Ooh, take that, you space pirates! 
(laughing): Hey, this is great! It finally has an ending. Watch out! 
(Dad continues to make action noises) TD, what are you doing? Stargazing. Thinking about what it would be like to be out there in space. I love looking for constellations. Consta-wha? A constellation is a group of stars. When you see them from far away they kind of make a picture. See? Equuleus! It's a constellation that looks like a little horse. My favorite constellations are Draco--the dragon-- and Ursa Major,the big bear. Hey, I think I just discovered a new constellation. This star to that star, and there's the nose and... It looks like you, Martha. We should call it Martha Supremo. 
MARTHA: I like it. 
MARTHA: Can I have an after-school snack too? We've had this discussion. Too much mooching makes too much Martha. And the problem with that is...? Do you guys have this discussion every day? Every day? Every time I open the refrigerator. If I could get it myself, I'd never ask. But the sad fact of this world is that if you want the good stuff, you need hands. She's got a point. 
MARTHA: Just another way dogs are discriminated against. I really wanted to hear your report about the planet of dogs, but that meajanitor never lets me into the school. I'm sorry. Sorry enough to give me a snack? Uh, no. But you can look at my comic if that would make you feel any better. That planet of dogs is a pretty good idea. Wouldn't it be great to live somewhere like that? Oh, hey, I'm getting sleepy. 

[00:15:03]


(snoring) 
COMPUTER VOICE: Space dog Martha, time to wake up. Hey, wow! I'm on that planet. Holy cow. Late for school! 
(ray buzzing) My report about the universe. "What is the universe?" you might ask. The universe is everything. All the planets, all the stars, everything in space and space itself-- it's all part of the universe. And in one part of the universe is a planet called Earth. There's something very strange about Earth. It only has one moon. 
(all gasp in amazement) Recently, some astronauts visited from Earth. They left something behind. It's this book. It's called The Outer Space Chronicles of Chuck Nebula. From this we can see that there is a very important person on Earth named Chuck Nebula. In fact, he might be the king of the Earth people. 
(all gasp) He's dreamy. Martha! 
(clears her throat) Unfortunately, we don't know what happened to Chuck Nebula. There's no ending to the story. 
It just says: "To be continued." And that's my report on the universe. The End. 
(cheering) Wonderful report, Martha. Thank you, Martha. You know what, Martha? What, Martha? If there's one thing I hate 
it's stories that end with: "To be continued." If you want extra credit on your report, you could fly to Earth and find out what happened to the Earthling King, Chuck Nebula. No sign of Chuck Nebula anywhere. Wait a minute, though. What's this? This way, little poochie. That's right... This doesn't look good! Gotcha! (whimpering) Quiet! That poor little creature. 
Computer: Fix coordinates. We're going in. Hang on, little guy! I'm on my way! Did you see that? A space dog just got out of that giant bone. It's an alien invasion! Not a yap out of you, get me? Or else. 

[00:17:27]


(laughing evilly) I'm going to make a bundle ofthat pedigreed pooch. That guy is trying to sell that poor dog. 
(ray buzzing) Don't worry, little friend, we're getting you out of here. That guy is not humane. 
(woofs a question) Oh-- not human, humane. He's certainly human. But he's not humane. "Humane" means to be kind. And that guy is definitely not being humane to you. In fact, what he's doing is inhumane. 
MAN: Hey! What are you doing? Run! 
(panting) Uh-oh. Dead end. Gotcha! That's what you think, you inhumane meanie-pants! Come on, friend. Follow me! Down we go. You come back here! 
(grunts) Ah! made it. Wow, all that digging really works up an appetite. Ah, come on, let's eat. 
(ray buzzing) Well, come on. This looks good. Come on, hop up. Ah. Hello, my good man. We'll start with two steaks, rare. No dogs allowed! Well! I have to say, I have some serious objections about how this planet is run. When I find Chuck Nebula, I'm going to give him a piece of my mind. 
(creaking) ! Hang on. Sounds like... 
(ray buzzing) 
(rope creaking) 
MARTHA: Yes! That rope is beginning to fray! Oh no! That piano is going to fall on that helpless baby! 
(ray buzzing) Ah. That was close. Invasion? What are you talking about? An invasion is when a bunch of people go somewhere and try to take it over. And I tell you, alien dogs are invading our world and trying to take it over. That's no ordinary giant rocket-powered bone out on that lawn. That's an alien space bone if I ever saw one. 

[00:19:51]


(others murmuring) And the creature that got out of it is not from this world. It's an extraterrestrial. Extraterrestrial? Hmm. Interesting. Let me just check something with my secretary. I hope she's planning to do something quickly. 
(car zooms by) Was that the mayor's car that just sped by? Yup. You say you've never heard of Chuck Nebula? Huh-- for a king, he's not very well known. Hey, did you see that? Around the corner? It's a parade! 
(chuckling to himself) Hey, it's that guy who was so mean to you. And now he's stealing that weenie cart. I have to do something about this. 
(buzzing) Whoa! What's going on? What's happening? I'll tell you what's happening. You are getting a lesson in manners. First you were not humane to Daisy here, and then you try to steal that weenie cart. Now stop it and get out of here! 
(yelling) And be more honest! Like dogs. 
(woofs twice) No problem. All in a day's work. 
RESTAURANT MAN: There they are! Hey, what is this? They throw you in the shelter for nothing? 
(barking) Well, yes, I have no tags. But I'm nofrom your world. I'm a space dog. 
(howls in disbelief) Really, I am. 
(ray buzzing) Why don't you believe me? 
(barks twice) How did I get out? I opened the cage. Like this. 
(ray buzzing) (barking) Can't you do that? Oh well, no problem. 
(buzzing) Ah. What a day. I could use a snack. This looks promising. Loaf of bread. Bologna, pickles, ketchup, mustard. Hmm... I know what to make with this. A delicious mess. Dinner, gang! The mayor's office has offered a reward for the alien. A reward! Just for capturing that stinkin' space mutt. 

[00:22:16]


(dog barks twice) 
MARTHA: Where am I from? I'm an extraterrestrial. 
(barks) An extraterrestrial is someone from space; you know, someone who isn't from Earth. I'm from another planet, the planet Martha. I knew it. That dog is the alien! On Planet Martha, dogs are in charge of everything. Hey. Did I hear you say you're a talking dog from space? Yeah. And you're that bad guy. Oh... (laughs lightly) but I've changed my ways... now. Thanks to you. So come with me. Mmm... where are you going? Well, I'm not really supposed to tell, but we're planning a little Welcome-to-Earth party. It's at the mayor's office. 
MAYOR: Did someone say my name? Ms. Mayor? Yes. I was attempting to discover the facts about the aliens using this, uh, moving van. Well, it's just one alien, and I caught her. It's this dog! Oh, good work! Officer? Please arrest that alien creature and let me know when you've got her good and locked up. I'll be continuing my investigations in the next town. Wait a minute. 
(buzzing) Uh-oh! Why should I be locked up? Well, because we don't know anything about you. You could be dangerous. But I come in peace. I'd like to speak to Chuck Nebula about some improvements to your planet. Chuck who? What's it going to do to the crime business if they don't send this extraterrestrial do-gooder back to her own planet? I'll be in big trouble. Look! That space dog has the mayor trapped. The space creature! Did you hear that? The alien! That way! So you're saying Chuck Nebula is only in comic books? This is not going to be good for my extra credit report. Do you mind putting my van down now? Get her! Get the alien! Uh-oh. Look, I come in peace. I'm not an invader. Really. Really! Oh, this is not good. There's no place like space. There's no place like space. There's no place like s... 

[00:24:39]


(yells) Whoa. What a dream! Open... open... 
(groans) Why can't things be like in dreams? 
HELEN (laughing): Trying to make the refrigerator door open by itself? Something li that. Well, you've been a pretty good girl today. I suppose one snack wouldn't hurt. Mmm, yum! Ah... my favorite. You know what? There are some pretty nice things about Earth. Cheese Snoodles? That's your favorite thing about Earth? No, you'remy favorite thing. Aw. But Cheese Snoodles are a close second. Hey, check out this song. 
(rapping): ?????? The universe has got a thousand billion stars ?????? ?????? But out of those gazillions there's only one that's ours ?????? ?????? The star we're spinning around, for your information ?????? ?????? It's the center of our solar system, called the Sun ?????? ?????? And right in the neighborhood, for what it's worth ?????? ?????? Is the planet that I live on, Planet Earth ?????? ?????? The universe is everything ?????? ?????? Galaxies, asteroids, the Moon! ?????? ?????? The universe is everything ?????? ?????? The Sun, the stars, the Earth ?????? ??????he universe includes it all ?????? Everything large and small ?????? ?????? The universe is everything ?????? That's right. ?????? The universe is everything. ?????? For real! Did you get all the words Did you get all the words about space? Let's hear some of them again. Our solar system is made up of the sun and all of the planets that orbit around it. The universe is everything-- all the planets, all the stars, everything in space and space itself. An extraterrestrial is someone from space. See you next time! Night, Martha. Good night, Martha. Night, Martha. Night, Martha! Hello? It's arthur! 
Announcer: Want to see more "arthur"? Like you needed to ask. I guess I could spare half an hour. It's a deal! 

[00:26:42]


Announcer: Catch "arthur" weekdays on pbs kids go! Or watch anytime you want on pbskidsgo.Org. Martha Speaks is funded in part by... ?????? ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chuck e. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. Kiddie Academy Child Care Learning Centers... proud supporter of PBS Kids. Providing educationally focused child care, preparing children for school and for life. Kiddie Academy... ion for Public Broadcasting, a Cooperative Agreement from the U.S. Department of Education's Ready-to-Learn Grant... And by contributions to your PBS station from: To dig up some more fun words and games, visit pbskids.org or check out your local library for the "Martha Speaks" books. Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org ?????? Whoo-hoo ?????? ?????? houses ?????? ?????? houses ?????? ?????? I grew up in a simple house ?????? ?????? with my brothers, my mom, and my dad ?????? ?????? my friend's house is an apartment ?????? ?????? he likes to call it his pad ?????? ?????? there's an upside-down ho 

﻿Title: Martin Bashir
Description: Journalist Martin Bashir uncovers breaking news stories.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 2/28/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

IT'S TUESDAY, OCTOBER THE 23rd, And the enemy has been sighted, they're drawing near, ladies and gentlemen, fix bayonets. 
>> Here is one thing I have learned as commander in chief, you have to be clear. 
>> The president began what i called an apology tour. Quhoo when I went to israel as a candidate I didn't take donors. I didn'td-raisers. I went to the holocaust hume there. You mentioned the navy and we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
>> One of the challenges we've had with iran is they have looked at this administration and the administration was not as strong as it needed to be. 
>> You said we have to ask pakistan for permission. If we had, wield not have gotten it. 
>> We had to go in pakistan. The president was right. I'm still speaking. I love teachers. I love teachers. 
>> I think we all love teachers. ?????? How you like me now ?????? ?????? how you like me now ?????? ?????? how you like me now ?????? 
>> we've heard the analysis, we've listened to the pundits, but we saw that debate with our own eyes. And last night the commander in chief delivered a performance of authority and strength that rendered his challenger almost mute. And now fresh off the stage, it's onto a 14-day push through the all-important swing states with dueling events happening this very hour. The president and vice president are in the crucial state of ohio, part of a 48-hour 6-state blitz. There is vice president biden speaking right now, and this morning there was no way the president would miss a chance to rally in battleground florida with a huge crowd, alerting them to the chronic condition that is afflicting the republican nominee. 

[00:02:00]


>> It's called romnesia. We had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least, at least stage three romnesia. 
>> Yes, indeed, but far from being quarantined, they headed west to nevada. You can see congressman paul ryan on stage right now. Unfortunately, that vision of victory may prove to be a little less than a desert mirage. Alas, just this morning nbc moved nevada out of the battleground column to lean obama. Add ohio and wisconsin for the president, and mitt romney can put down his pakistan cliff notes, his atlas of sub-saharan frsk africa, his vac with us campaign and spend the rest of his days at his beach house reading binders of remorse. We have julian epstein, jonathan capehart, and here with me in new york, msnbc political analyst jonathan alter, a columnist for the bloomberg view. John capehart, if I can start with you, in the first debate mr. Romney was antagonistic. In the second debate much more friendly to the president. In the third debate he became the president, agreeing with virtually everything that the commander in chief said. That debate, that wasn't a debate. That was political osmosis. 
>> It was incredible. I wrote today, what a waste of time. At a certain point I began to feel like I either was listening to them in stereo or sitting in an echo chamber. Mitt romney, who has campaigned on a whole lot of issues, foreign policy issues, suddenly -- 
>> john, I'm sorry to interrupt you -- john, I'm sorry to interrupt you, you said it was a waste of time. How can it possibly be waste of time when a candidate for president of this country is exposed as utterly ignorant in foreign policy, who looks at an atlas and throws out the country mali it give the impression he knows something about sub-saharan n africa? That was the point of last night and that was not worthless, john. 

[00:04:20]


>> Well, okay, fine. Also we learned that iran had an alliance with syria because they needed a route to the sea. That being said, a debate is supposed to be at least when you have a democrat and a republican vying for the white house, you're supposed to have two different visions, two different policy ideas being battled across a table. We saw that at the domestic policy debate, the second debate, that the visions couldn't be more clear. When it came to foreign policy, they were one and the same. As you said, it was as if mitt romney became president obama by osmosis. 
>> Julian, we'll play some clips in a moment of the debate, but is the standard now that so long as you don't say anything or do anything aside from sweating like a pig on heat, you qualify as president? 
>> Well, yeah, I think if romney had gotten any closer to obama last night, he would have had to endorse him. I thought an endornt was coming at the end of the debate. I think on body language as well, as you point out, obama was cool as a cucumber, a i think he kind of won the stare down contest. Romney was sweaty and fidgety and stammered quite a bit. But the strategy was a very cynical and vacuous one as you point out. It's this idea he wants to get across he's not a crazy warmonger and that's all he needed to do. That's the only bar he needed to cross. I think the polls will show in a couple days that the american people want more substance than that, they want more character, they want more steadiness, more poise, a guy who is more in command of what's going on. I think the polls will show that it's just a matter of days, notwithstanding this false narrative that republicans are trying to give right now that they still have the momentum. 
>> John -- 
>> the momentum stopped. 
>> John, to julian's point, i mean, everybody that I have heard on this subject from the right has said that mitt romney did marvelously because he looked presidential. I mean, really? Pierce brosnan looks presidential. Daniel craig looks presidential. Is that it now? 
>> He's looked presidential since 2008 when he first started running for president. That wasn't a bar for him to cross. He's always looked like central casting's idea of a president. That seemed to me to be kind of a false notion, that somehow he needed to get over that. His problem last night was he didn't look strong, and most americans who have busy lives and are not paying close attention, they just want to know one thing from a debate. They judge the winner of a debate, not necessarily the person they're going to vote for, but the winner of a debate on the basis of who was stronger. They want a strong president. In the first debate romney was stronger. He just -- he carried himself in a stronger way. Those of us at msnbc were willing to admit that romney won the debate. When the shoe was on the other foot last night, the fox people, and this tells you a little something about the difference between fox and msnbc, they were living in an alternate reality where because they're all essentially just spinning 24/7 for their candidate, they said that romney won the debate. It was insane. Clearly obama won the debate. That doesn't mean he's going to necessarily win the election -- 

[00:07:29]


>> nobody is suggesting that. 
>> There's an important point people need to focus on. When obama lost the first debate, all of us on the left conceded he lost. Then when obama won the debate clearly last night, the game that the republicans are playing is to pretend that romney did well, pass the bar, had a good night so they prevent that narrative from being written. And this is a game that republicans played in 2000 when karl rove suggested that george bush would win over 300 electoral votes. IT'S A GAME john McCain played in 2008 when he suggested he could come close in pennsylvania when he lost by ten points. This is a game that is intended to create the illusion of momentum that romney has, but as all the polling data is showing right now, obama is in the driver seat. You move neva into his column, there's six states left. Obama only has to win one-third of those states and he's ahead in most of the states. Obama is in the driver's seat right now. 
>> Right. John, if I can come to you, if election year foreign policy translates to israel, I'm really not sure romney won this round for his friend bibi, particularly when he tried to go on the old apology tour route. Take a listen, john. 
>> You said that america had been dismissive and derisive. You said that on occasion america had dictated to other nations. Mr. President, america has not dictated to other nations. We have freed other nations. 
>> When I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors. I didn't attend fund-raisers. I went to the holocaust museum there to remind myself the nature of evil and why our bond with israel will be unbreakable. 
>> John capehart, do you think shirley adelson is somewhere throwing dots at his romney photo tacked over the one of newt gingrich he had originally? 
>> Probably not. But I do think that that segment for me was the most powerful moment in that debate. The president has taken a lot of criticism from republicans, from apec and other organizations who feel that the president has ignored israel, hasn't paid enough attention to israel, quite frankly, isn't even backing israel, and he just popped that balloon by reminding them that when he went there as a candidate, he didn't go there for show. He went there to len and to understand and to also show that if he had become president of the united states, which indeed he did, that he would stand strong with israel a every american president has before him. So for me I thought that was a very powerful moment, and you notice as with every zinger that the president delivered to mitt romney, mitt romney remained mute. 

[00:10:11]


>> I didn't think it was as powerful because I think the president made a mistake in not going to israel as president sometime in the last four years, and american jews know this, and he's not going to get 78% like he did the last time. Whether that ends up being decisive in this campaign we don't know, but he did limit some of that, limit some of that damage, and mostly he seemed very tough on terrorism, very convincing on the killing of osama bin laden, and convincing on the fact that romney had thought he should not move heaven and earth to get bin laden. To me the best line in the debate, the memorable one about bay yoi nets but the most important was when he referenced bush and cheney. This election is about whether americans want to take a another ride with t bush/cheney roud because all the people around him -- 
>> 70%. 
>> Are the same as -- 
>> an interesting segue. I think obama has made clear he's as close a friend to israel as israel has ever had. Where are the neocons? Romney conceded the point on the benghazi, on egypt, on syria. He conceded the point on iran. 
>> And on pakistan where he even said he wouldn't withhold any aid. 
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm not finished yet. He conceded the point on iraq and the troop strength, on osama bin laden, on every major flash point in the middle east he conceded the point in a way that the neocons have consistently criticized this president, so why are the neocons giving him a pass right now? And my theory is because they believe romney is a marionette who will do anything they want him to do once he gets into the white house, and that again i think is something that is just not going to wash with the american people over the next two weeks. 
>> Extraordinary. I totally agree with that. Julian epstein, jonathan capehart, and jonathan alter, thank you all very much. 
>>> As we go to break, live pictures from ohio and nevada, both candidates pressing their respective cases with just two weeks to go until election day. Do stay with us. ?????? I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! Mom, are those my jeans? 

[00:12:38]


[ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios is promotion at red lobster. There's so many choices, the guests love it! 
[ Male Announcer ] DON'T MISS ENDLESS SHRIMP, Just $14.99! Try as much as you like, anyway you like. Like new teriyaki grilled shrimp. Offer ends soon! My name is angela trapp, and I sea food differently. Just because you live out here, doesn't mean you have to settle for slow, dial-up internet. That's because getting high-speed internet by satellite is now easier than ever with new hughesnet gen4. With improved download capacity and new plans that are up to 15 times faster than before, america's number one choice for satellite internet is now better than ever. With hughesnet gen4, you can do more of what you love to do online. Get more of the news, business and weather updates that you need. Check your e-mail. Share photos. And, shop online. If you want high-speed internet where you live, there's never been a better time than right now. In fact, standard installation is free when you order hughesnet today. So, what are you waiting for? Your best choice in satellite internet is just a phone call away. Call today and get free standard installation. Just call the number on your screen or go online today. 

[00:15:49]


>>> There's a cure. There's a cure, but you got to vote to make sure that the medicine is there for romnesia. No we joke about governor romney being all over the map -- 
>> that is, of course, the president speaking live with his vice president in the critical battleground state of ohio. Mitt romney may break into another cold sweat as he and the president spend their last two weeks on the campaign trail feverishly criss-crossing the nation to boost turnout to swing states. Both candidates have begun major swinging through states that will prove critical to the eventual winner. This includes florida, ohio, iowa, colorado, virginia, and nevada. If you thought you detected a domestic policy debate in foreign policy clothing last night, well, you might just be right. 
>> We've got to make sure that we reduce our deficit. Unfortunately, governor romney's plan doesn't do it. 
>> When it comes to our economy here at home, I know what it takes to create 12 million new jobs. 
>> What we've done is reformed education working with governors, 46 states. 
>> Let me get back to foreign policy, can I just get back -- 
>> joining us now is my colleague steve kornacki, one of the hosts of "the cycle"nd in washington the great clarence page, a columnist for the chicago tribune. We were hearing the president st now and we'll continue to show live pictures referring to romney's disease of romnesia, but paul ryan has problems with mathematics and his electoral math is a problem, isn't it, because he has a problem if the president wins ohio and wisconsin. He's got a big problem then, doesn't he? 
>> There's a couple problems here with this map for romney. The ohio, wisconsin, and iowa, he's got to make some inroads there. Before that there's these four obama '08 states that are necessary for romney to flip over. Starts with north carolina. He's well positioned to do that. Florida, more likely than not to do that, but he also has to flip virginia and colorado before we can start talking about the ohio/wisconsin scario. I think those are right now both of those at best 50/50 states for romney. I think the real -- there's a telling statistic out there. If you compare the exit polls from 2008 with the gallup polls from right now. If you look at the regional breakdown -- 

[00:18:18]


>> you mean the gallup tracking poll. 
>> If you look at the regional breakdown, in 2008 in the south, in the exit poll, it was even, OBAMA versus McCain. Today in that gallup tracking poll, it's a 22-point lead for mitt romney. So I think what you've seen is almost -- it looks like there's been an explosion of anti-obama sentiment in very, very red states which might be inflating romney's standing in that national horse race but then you start looking at those battleground states and it's a different story. 
>> Clarence, romney may have lost this election when gm filed FOR CHAPTER 11 ON JUNE THE 1st, 2009, and the government, as you know, provided up to $30 billion in financing. I have to say when I watched romney last night, I thought he delivered the most sophisticated lie of this election when he suggested absolutely shamelessly that he would have guaranteed or offered a guarantee to the auto industry, and perhaps he's assuming that we voters don't understand that you don't have a guarantee unless you have a loan. Someone has to give you the money. A guarantee is pointless without the equity. 
>> That's quite right, and i think when I heard governor romney said that, I thought where were you when ohio needed you, when michigan needed you? That's what the voters out there are saying now. It's very well-known that the banks just weren't there to finance a bailout or loans for the auto industry, and obama took the u.S. Government into it and got them on their feet. It was a very successful venture. And the people out in michigan and ohio in particular remember it. 
>> Indeed. Steve, why do you think romney talked about building up the navy, aside from the fact he was concerned about virginia and new hampshire? 
>> I think he was desperate for distinction, for what would sound like politicallyaable distinctions. 

[00:20:23]


>> Didn't someone say to him 1916 ships and so on are not comparable to, you know, submarines that carry cruise missiles? 
>> This is a symptom of a candidate in a party that have really when it comes to foreign policy have taken the last four years off. The very crude calculation in the republican party when barack obama was elected was that the economy was collapsing and that they were going to oppose everything and that when the economy wasn't healed four years later, they would be able to say, looking he's failed. There's really no role for foreign policy in that other than to say obama has failed at that, too. But they have not built, they have not goneack and developed and articulated a distinct vision of america's role in the world. I think it really showed in the debate last night where romney was not going to be attacking obama from the left and raising questions on drones or something like that. He was not going to be beating the war drums like bush did -- like the bushies did a decade ago, and that left him really i think scrambling to find distinctions and I think that's one of them. 
>> That was ludicrous, wasn't it? 
>> Of course, pnd that's the point. I don't think he has much to say on the subject. 
>> Early voting tends to favor democrats and ohio's secretary of state says today more than the-quarters of a million votes have been cast. That and the bailout may be the two pillars, I suspect, that swing ohio for the president. Is that fair? 
>> Well, ohio has been very heavily in the president's column in most of the polling so far. Certainly romney got a bump after that first debate, but he didn't close the gap. Nevertheless, ohio is so important for romney, like other republican candidates, that they're still fighting it out, and it looks doubtful at this point that ohio sf going to swing over toward romney. If it did, I think we'd see a cascade across the country that hasn't materialized. 
>> Indeed. Clarence page and steve kornacki, thank you, both. 
>>> Stay with us, much more ahead. 

[00:22:29]


>> I want to give those tax breaks to small businesses, manufacturers, that create jobs in dayton, right here in the united states of america. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] IT STARTED LONG AGO. The joy of giving something everything you've got. It takes passion. And it's not letting up anytime soon. AT UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, We understand that commitment. And always have. So does aarp, an organization serving the needs of americans 50 and over for generations. So it's no surprise millions have chosen AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. Like all standardized medicare supplement plans, they help cover some of the expenses medicare doesn't pay. And save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs. To find out more, request your free decision guide. Call or go online today. After all, when you're going the distance, it's nice to have the experience and commitment to go along with you. Keep dreaming. Keep doing. Go long. ] here to volunteer to help those in need. When a twinge of back pain surprises him. Morning starts in high spirits, but there's a growing pain in his lower back. As lines grow longer, his pain continues to linger. But after a long day of helping others, he gets some helpful advice. JUST TWO Aleve HAVE THE STRENGTH To keep back pain away all day. TODAY, JASON CHOSE Aleve. Just two pills for all day pain relief. TRY Aleve D FOR STRONG, ALL DAY LONG Sinus and headache relief. 

[00:25:39]


>>> Like a typically aggressive football or a rug bifixture, last night's presidential debate featured some heavy rhetorical punches, some big hits, followed by the traditional post-match handshakes. In the midst of the bonhomie and banter, our eyes were drawn to tagg, who is also a campaign adviser. You will remember it was tagg romney who told a radio interviewer he wanted to take a swing at the president for calling his father a liar and was only dissuaded from doing so by the presence of the secret service. So last night tagg had his big opportunity. The president was on stage without any protection. He could give him his best shot. But, like a lot of pampered children, the young romney did no such thing. Instead, he took the opportunity of speaking with the president. Now, we're neither experts in lip reading nor body language, but to watch the moment, you wonder if tagg maybe said something like, mr. President, I'm sorry for my childish threat, I had no idea the size of you. Or I recognize you have been fighting since you were born and I wouldn't stand a chance in the ring against you. Or mr. President, the only things I ever took a swing at is my father's rolodex. Whatever he said, here is the ning about this president, you can make up a bogus narrative about a so-called apology tour but if you apologize to him, he'll shake your hand and thank you for you. Stay with us. Today's "top lines" are coming up. 
>> So I'm asking for your voteou I'm asking to you help me finish the job. Lieve in you and I need you to keebelieving in me. And if you stand with me and knock on some doors with me, make some phone calls with me, we'll win montgomery county again. We'll win ohio again. We'll win this election again. We'll finish what we started. We'll remind the world why the united states of america is the greatest nation on earth. God bless you, ohio. God bless the united states of america. ] years, your mouth has giggled, snuggled, bubbled ...And yellowed. Because if you're not whitening, you're yellowing. Crest whitestrips remove over ten years of stains and whiten 25 times better than a leading whitening toothpaste. Crest 3d white whitestrips. ?????? ?????? 

[00:28:02]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME FOR MEDICARE Open enrollment. Are you ready? Time to compare plans and see what's new. You don't have to make changes, but it's good to look. Maybe you can find better coverage, save money, or both. And check out the preventive benefits you get after the health care law. ?????? ?????? medicare open enrollment. Now's the time. Visit medicare.Gov or call 1-800-medicare. ?????? ?????? rates double. But, dad, you've got... 
[ voice of Dennis ] Allstate. With accident forgiveness, they guarantee your rates won't go up just because of an accident. Smart kid. 
[ voice of Dennis ] INDEED. Are you in good hands? ] lab. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. There's a pop. Wahlalalalallala! Pepper, but not pepper, I'm getting like, pep-pepper. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, zip zip zip zip zip! I'm literally getting zinged by the flavor. Smooth, but crisp. Velvety. Kind of makes me feel like a dah zing yah woooooh! 

[00:30:39]


[ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Could've had a v8. Woooo! 
>>> From the ghosts of bush and cheney, to horses and bayonets. Here are to the's "top lines," make love, not war. 
>> We had our third and last debate. 
>> Foreign policy tonight. The edge will probably going to the candidate wearing the i killed osama bin laden t-shirt. 
>> Your strategy has been all over the map. 
>> We don't want another iraq, another afghanistan. 
>> Foreign policy from the 1980s, THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> You have to be clear. 
>> Our purpose is to make sure the world is peaceful. 
>> We spend more on our military than the next ten countries combined. 
>> Come on our website, you will look at how we get to a balanced website. 
>> We have fewer horses and bayonets. We have ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines. This has been the biggest whopper told during the course of the campaign. 
>> We have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> I didn't take donors. I didn't attend fund-raisers. I went there to remind myself the nature of evil. 
>> I would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. 
>> You saw that mitt romney is ready to be a great president. 
>> Governor romney seemed to be rushing to agree with everything the president had done. 
>> We didn'tant to go into all the litigation of it. 
>> Then who are you? 
>> Whose strategies worked better in your mind? We report and you decide. 
>> Frenetic at times desperate. Childish, pet lent, thank you mr. Community organizers. 
>> Hold on now sparky. 
>> Horses were ridden by our troops. Marines still use bayonets. 
>> My mouth fell from my head to the floor. 
>> Here is why I think romney didn't engage on libya. 
>> Because women don't like confrontation. Romney didn't do anything, nothing. 6% registered voters undecided. Make up your mind! For the love of god! 

[00:32:48]


>> Let's get right to our panel now. We're joined by msnbc contributor maria teresa kumar, who is president and ceo of voter latino and krystal all from "the cycle." You heard mr. O'reilly there. He said mitt romney did nothing, absolutely nothing. Is that what now qualifies you for the presidency? Don't do anything? 
>> It's insane. Was the bar really so low for mitt romney that all he had to do was show up and say it was becky becky becky stand, stand and they were impressed. When the republican lose they whine. They know they lost but the best they can do is sort of to whine about it and complain about the president, he was too mean. Well, when romney was aggressive in the first debate, they were perfectly happy about it, and when the president didn't do well in the first debate, democrats were the first ones to admit that he didn't have a strong performance and needed to improve. Republicans just dant live in the world of reality. 
>> It's tough. Maria teresa, let's check in with the true arbiter of american politics, donald trump. He sent out a tweet last night called the debate, I'm quoting him, pretty even. So I guess if you translate that into english, it means romney was destroyed. 
>> Pretty much. I think the polls demonstrate the president won hands down. Now, the fact that romney didn't do any big mistakes, I think when it's the president who is looking tough and strong, oh, we're afraid that he might be scaring the women folk. And the other thing with romney, that's the other thing about how they set the bar so low for him. Apparently as long as he didn't come out and scare everybody and declare war that day, that was a win for him. 

[00:35:48]


>> This is an achievement. 
>> Right. 
>> Incredible. 
>> And he's declared war every other time, right? I think that's what people are very nervous. They don't know where he's coming from or where he stands. 
>> What are you talking about? He's never said that. I don't know what you're talking about. You have clearly received a vaccine that prevents you from contributing romnesia. If you get romnesia -- listen, if you get romnesia, you can propose invading iran, you can tool up the syrian rebels and that's fine, but today you disagree with both those positions, that's not a problem. 
>> I think it's because the knew conservative neocons, they realize what romney needed to do yesterday was basically not tell the truth. He didn't have to be explicit because behind closed doors he tells them what it is. I think, again, that's where i think a lot of women, they smell something funny and they say we don't truss you. 
>> Yeah. Krystal, you were talking about the national security moms. We hear about the war moms and a focus group of war moms gave the debate last night to the president. One of the women called mr. Romney's attacks hypocritical. Which of the specific comments of romney was hhypocritical? There were a lot. 
>> I think the entire performance was hypocritical. And, you know, if you just look at -- if you take away the substance, people are always saying don't listen to what they say, watch what they're doing, watch the split screen, watch how they are responding, and i think romney looked very uncomfortable throughout the entire debate and it felt like he was just reciting notes that he had read on wikipedia rather than having his own intuitive grasp of the world. 
>> He was sweating like a school boy -- school girl, sorry, who hadn't prepared for the exam. He was literally perspiring in front -- I wanted to throw a tissue at him. 
>> What has he spent the past month just going on and on about? Attacking the president over his response in libya. First question out of the gate is on libya and romney stumbles over his answer,an barely answer libya and discards all the talking points he's been using. If he's sitting there on the stage with someone who is actually going to call him out, it can't stand the light of day. 

[00:38:03]


>> Romnesia, we all need it. Thank you both. 
>>> Next, you sunk mitt's battleship. Why mr. Romney feels america needs to be prepared to face the kaiser's fleet. Stay with us. 
>> There's a theme here. He keeps on loving stuff and then wants to end it or cut it or not help it. 
>> Do you really love the lamp or are you just saying it because you saw it? 
>> I love lamp. I love lamp. Keys, keys, keys, keys, keys. ?????? Well, he's not very handsome ?????? ?????? to look at ?????? 
[ sighs ] ?????? Oh, he's shaggy ?????? ?????? and he eats like a hog ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THE VOLKSWAGEN JETTA. Available with advanced keyless technology. Control everything from your pocket, purse, or wherever. That's the power of german engineering. ?????? That dirty, old egg-suckin' dog ?????? me insulin with a vial and syringe. Me, explaining what I was doing at breakfast. And me discovering NovoLog Mix 70/30 FlexPen. FlexPen is pre-filled with your pre-mix insulin. Dial the exact dose. Inject by pushing a button. No vials, syringes or coolers to carry. FlexPen is insulin delivery my way. NovoLog Mix 70/30 is an insulin used to control high blood sugar in adults with diabetes. Do not inject if you do not plan to eat within 15 minutes to avoid low blood sugar. Tell your healthcare provider about all medicines you take and all of your medical conditions, including if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Most common side effects include reactions at the injection site, weight gain, swelling of your hands and feet, and vision changes. Other serious side effects include low blood sugar and low potassium in your blood. Get medical help rightway if you experience serious allergic reactions, body rash, trouble with breathing, fast heartbeat, sweating, or if you feel faint. I would have started FlexPen sooner, but I thought it would cost more. Turns out it's covered by my insurance plan. Thanks to FlexPen, vial and syringe are just a memory. Ask your doctor about NovoLog Mix 70/30 FlexPen, covered by 90% of insurance plans, including Medicare. Find your co-pay at MyFlexPen.com. ????????? Chances are, you're not made of money, so don't overpay for motorcycle insurance. GEICO, see how much you could save. 

[00:41:36]


>>> And so the question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ship, it's what are our capabilities. 
>> The debating is over now and we've only got one final fortnight standing between us and election day. Will the race change again in the labs 14 days? Only time will tell, but one thing is for sure, this will be a mad dash to the finish. Mitt romney's game of battleship -- sorry. Souning me is msnbc contributor and former u.S. Marine, goldie taylor and karen finney, also the former communications detector for the dnc. My apologies. Goldie, paul ryan was back on mop up duty. Here is what he had to say about bayonets and horses. 
>> To compare modern american battleships and navy with bayonets -- I just don't understand that comparison. The president -- all these defense cuts -[ if all these defee cuts go through, our navy will be smaller than it was in world war i. 
>> That's simply not true. The size of the u.S. Naval fleet reached its lowest point in 2007 under george bush. Naval ships today as you know do more than they could do in the days of world war 19. Can you just spell that out, goldie. 
>> The interesting part about this is that paul ryan doesn't understand because, frankly, he's never served. He's never put his name on an enlistment contract. He's never gone through boot camp. Doesn't know what the navy does or how it does it. Comparing, you know, our naval fleet today is like comparing the smartphone I have in my hand to rotary phones that my grandmother had. Frankly, these ships, these vessels can do more. They can be more. And, you know, to compare them to the fleets that we had in 1917 is just, frankly, a snomer. You know, bigger budgets don't always equate to a better fight. What we have t understand is that our landscape has changed in the way that we fight the enemy. The battle field isn't always -- you can't roll up to osama bin laden on the "uss nimitz." At the end of the day you have to -- you have to be -- we have to be equipped with the tools that you we need at the time we need them and the budget has to be right size. Whether it's smaller or larger is irrelevant. You have to make sure the right resources get to the front line at the right time. 

[00:44:08]


>> Indeed. Absolutely. Karen, would you please give us your opinion on this piece of republican reaction? It's a tweet from dr. Transvaginal probe himself, VIRGINIA GOVERNOR bob McDonnell, who says the president's comments about horses and bayonets is an insult to every say lor w40 has put ous hr her life on the line for our country. What is he talking about? 
>> He was trying to pander for votes. I have to say, I have a lot of family members in the navy. I don't think they were offended by any comments about bayonets and horses. I think what folks in our service -- armed services as well as voters like me, what I'm more offended by is the idea that latching onto this number, and I think this was part of what the president was trying to get at, the number of ships in the naval fleet, is any kind of svbstitute for a real policy on our defenses. 
>> Yeah, but it's a lot easier than having a policy, karen. You just look at cliff notes. You stick the statistics together and you spout them at a debate and people say you look presidential. That's what that was about. 
>> And then you don't have to talk about what your counterterrorism strategy is and you don't have to talk about how you would allocate resources. 
>> Absolutely not. What are you talking abou that's rubbish. Just mention a few boats. 
>> I'm just a silly girl so what do I know anyway. Part of what's so offensive is really, seriously, let's think about this. For the last several weeks the sum total of what mitt romney has had to say on defense policy is t$2 trillion that he wants to spend and his concern there aren't enough naval ships in the fleet. That's it. That cannot be the commander in chief test at this point because we're in big trouble if it is. 
>> Well done, mr. Romney. Goldie, the kaiser's dread naughts don't rule the waves in the 21st century so isn't the real insult that mitt romney's assumption is voters don't know the difference between the navy we had in world war I and the navy we had today, and I should also disclose that my father was in the british royal navy. 
>> Well, I should also disclose my older half brother terrence is a retired naval officer and i THINK THEIR REAL FLIGHTer SLIGHT To all this stuff is not once during the debate, not one single time, did mitt romney reference the men and women who serve in our nation's armed forces, not one time did he talk about how he's going to take care of veterans when they return home with meaningful health care and meaningful jobs. That was the real insult. You don't hear him talking about veterans. He didn't mention them once in his speech before the rnc convention. Not one time did he pay homage to the service, the blood, sweat, and tears they put out on the line every day. Maybe that's because noney has ever served, not him, not his sons, not his father, not his grandfather. Maybe that's the reason why. They're willing to take us to war. They're willing to draw red lines all over the planet, but they're not willing to serve for themselves, and that's a real issue here. If you're going to put someone else's life on the line, be darn sure that you're willing to step out there for yourself. 

[00:47:10]


>> Absolutely. Karen, to goldie's point, there was no mention last night by mr. Romney of our veterans but he was very keen to show off his knowledge of one country in particular. Take a listen, please, karen. 
>> Mali has been taken over, the northern part of mali, by al qaeda-type individuals. With mali now having north mali taken over by al qaeda. 
>> Karen, mr. Romney mentioned the west african nation of mali at least four times last night. Now, we don't wish to minimize its importance. 
>> No, no. 
>> But mr. Romney appeared to have selected mali as one might SELECT THE NUMBERS Of THE Lottery. Pull out mali to sound impressive. 
>> Well, that's clearly the one piece of information that he could remember from the power point when he was studying. Like mali,y have terrorists, say mali, it will sound exotic and people will think I know what I'm talking about. Here is what's interesting. You just showed it on the map. I wonder if he knows where it is on a map considering the other mistake he made regarding certain countries that are not actually landlocked and actually do have access to the seas. I mean, does he even know where these countries are is a big question, and does he even understand the complexities of what's going on in mali is another question. 
>> That's a very good question and I think we know what the answer to that is, no and no. Karen finney and goldie taylor, thank you so much. Next, mitt's big trip comes back to trip him up. Stay with us. Bob... Oh, hey alex. Just picking up some, brochures, posters copies of my acceptance speech. Great! It's always good to have a backup plan, in case I get hit by a meteor. Wow, your hair looks great. Didn't realize they did photoshop here. Hey, good call on those mugs. Can't let 'em see what you're drinking. You know, I'm glad we're both running a nice, clean race. No need to get nasty. Here's your "honk if you had an affair with taylor" yardign. Looks good. 
[ Male Announcer ] FEDEX OFFICE. Now save 50% on banners. Karen finney and goldie taylor, karen finney and goldie taylor, 

[00:51:44]


>>> at this hour the president and vice president have just wrapped up a major rally in dayton, ohio. No less than 1 in 8 jobs in the buckeye state relies upon the auto industry. And despite mr. Romney's latest attempt to rewrite his own editorial, the president was having none of it. 
>> Provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said that they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would have gone through -- 
>> you're wrong, mr. President. 
>> No, I am not wrong. 
>> You're wrong. People can look it up. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> Michael crowley is deputy washington bureau chief for "time" magazine. Good afternoon, mike. I understand that mr. Romney now claims to be the champion of the motor industry. He's also now claiming credit for st. Paul's cathedral in london and the pyramids in egypt, but if you're a worker in ohio, it's hard, is it not, not to credit the president for saving the auto industry. 
>> I think that's absolutely right, and I think obama had the better -- if you go back and look at the op-ed, I think obama was in the right on that exchange. You know, romney talked about government loan guarantees for post-bankruptcy financing for detroit. He did want to let the automakers go into bankruptcy. I guess he was saying the government could guarantee some loans on the other side of bankruptcy. He talked about some other go. Investment in things like energy research that would help the auto industry in that broad, indirect way, but I think he's trying to spin it in -- at least last night was trying to spin it in an inaccurate way. I talked to a romney campaign person in ohio today. They really don't have a compelling response to this point, and what they're trying to do I think is chip away. Romney is focusing on a lot of microissues. A nuclear power plant obama said he would do more for. A tank manufacturing plant in lima, I agree. There's some pensionholders who got what they say was a bad deal from the bailout and didn't get a good deal on their pension. They're trying to chip away at it on these micro local angles but on the larger argument i don't think they have a good retort, and I think obama is winning -- I think more people are believing him on the question of bankruptcy for detroit. 

[00:53:59]


>> I think, mike, that may be because the president was telling the truth because when mitt romney used the word "guarantee" last night, that was a felicitous and sophisticated untruth because you and I know there was no private equity to save the motor industry. Steve rattner, who was in that team of people begging private investors, wrote an op-ed in "the new york times" and explained there was nobody. 
>> Yeah. I think that's right. I think that's what it comes down to is, you know, this was true of a lot of things in the economy at the time. It was a big rationale for the stimulus, that the private sector -- there was a huge vacuum where an influx of money was needed to save the auto industry, to prevent the economy from collapsing totally, and only the government really had the resources and the luxury and the economic ability to step in and fill that gap. So on the specific example it was true of the auto industry and the larger example it was true of the stimulus where you just had to create -- you had to pump a lot of money into the system. You had to create more demand. So it was not something the private sector could do either for cars or for the economy as a whole and I think obama does have the better of that argument. 
>> If I might just briefly, mike, move you onto the subject of israel, when romney pulled out his bogus fantasy about the president's so-called apology tour, I'm not sure that he was quite expecting this response. Take a listen. ???????????? 
>> that actually was a clip from the president speaking. Here is the actual clip we were going to play. 
>> When I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors. I didn't attend fund-raisers. I went to the holocaust museum there. 
>> Very briefly, mike, is it safe to assume romney will drop that line of attack as fast as he appeared to drop the benghazi rubbish? 

[00:56:02]


>> Florida still being an important state I think he will pound away on israel. The jewish voters in florida are very important. I thought the most interesting fact that obama did not mex is ronald reagan in two terms as president did not pay a state visit to israel and george bush did not do it until his second term. So I think it's actually a great comeback for obama, one he chose not to use. 
>> It takes people like you, mike, to know those facts. Michael, thank you so much. 
>> Thank you, martin. 
>> Stay with us. Much more ahead. I am probably going to the gas station about once a month. Last time I was at a gas station was about...I would say... Two months ago. I very rarely put gas in my chevy volt. I go to the gas station such a small amount that I forget how to put gas in my car. 
[ Male Announcer ] AND IT'S NOT JUST THESE Owners giving the volt high praise. Volt received the j.D. Power and associates appeal award two years in a row. ?????? ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] WHY DO MORE EMERGENCY Workers everywhere trust duracell...?? Duralock power preserve. Locks in power for up to 10 years in storage. Now...Guaranteed. Duracell with duralock. Trusted everywhere. about trading. We create easy to use, powerful trading tools for all. Look at these Streaming Charts! They're totally customizable and they let you visualize what might happen next. That's genius! Strategies, chains, positions. We put 'em all on one screen! Could we make placing a trade any easier? Mmmm...could we? Open an account today and get a free 13-month eIBD??? subscription when you call 1-888-280-0157 now. optionsXpress by Charles Schwab. Rogaine? it. I was skeptical at first. But after awhile even my girlfriend noticed a difference. 

[00:59:21]


[ Male Announcer ] ROGAINE IS PROVEN To help stop hair loss. And for 85% of guys, it regrew hair. Save up to 42% now at rogaine.Com. 
>>> Thanks so much for watching today. Chris matthews and "hardball" picks things up right now. 
>>> The hawk goes lovey-dovey. Let's play "hardball." ???????????? 

﻿Title: Morning Joe
Description: Interviews with newsmakers and politicians; host Joe Scarborough.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/26/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

. We asked yt the top of the hour what you thought about the debate. Let's go back to new york, our producer jtower has some answers. 
>> We've got a lot of focus on the president's bayonets and battleships line. Joe in florida, just had my bayonet polished, now to feed the horse. Up bemoaning my bayonet surplus, seemed like a good investment. Courtesy of the president, my wife and I had a great idea to play battleship throwback. 
>> I see how this is going to go this mornjng. Horses, bayonets, and battleships. We've got three more hours of this. "Morning joe" starts right now. ???????????? 
>>> what we need to do with respect to it will middle east is strong, steady leadership, not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. And unfortunately, that's the kind of opinions that you offered throughout this campaign. And it is not a recipe for american strength -- 
>> I don't see our influence growing around the world. I see our influence receding in part because of the failure of our failure to deal with economic challenges at home, our withdrawal from our commitment to our military and the way i think it ought to be. In part because the -- the turmoil with israel. 
>> All right. Good morning. Here we go. IT'S TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23rd. We're live once again from racks downtown in boca raton, florida. Just miles away from where it all happened at lynn university where last night president obama and mitt romney faced off in their final presidential debate. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Look at this crowd. I don't get it. It's early. 
>> It is early. 
>> I'm looking for the baby. I'm hoping sidney shows up again. 
>> We're excited. Very excited. 
>> It's a great crowd. Because they know obama won. 
>> Mitt romney's best debate ev. 
>> How many thought obama won the debate? Sorry. All right. 

[00:02:06]


>> Well, I'm not even going to k. Of course, because, yeah. It's fine. 
>> Okay. 
>> Why don't we talk about the debate last night? What did you think? 
>> I thought that both. I think mitt romney got through it. Got through it. 
>> Right. 
>> He got through it. And he looked pained at times, and I think the president was strategically very smart in terms is approach. I think we're going to disagree on this. 
>> I think we are too. But richard haass is here, and richard was saying before that both wanted to -- they both had their objectives going into this debate. And richard, the president of council on foreign relations -- 
>> also of a forthcoming book. 
>> Also of a forthcoming book. You believed that both candidates got what they needed out of the debate last night. What did you mean? 
>> The president came through as a strong and knowledgeable commander in chief on top of the issues after strugglinith them for four years. And mitt romney had a different mission, which was to reassure people he could be commander in chief. And above all after all the rhetoric of the campaign, his message last night was more to be reassuring. And he in many cases said, look, I agree with the president on this or that, some of the lessons over the last few years, he didn't want another iraq or afghanistan. Talked about getting troops out of afghanistan by the end of 2014. Very careful about syria. It was a very reassuring message. 
>> Richard and I were both reassured that the neo conservative in mitt ro was left somewhere on the campaign trail. This was more mitt romney realist. 
>> And you see a lot of people reacting saying, well, who is he? And I think ultimately perhaps those who were very close to these -- what richard does were glad to hear what mitt romney had to say last night. But strategically, he needed to prove he wasn't a joke on foreign policy. And I think the president took him down a notch a few times by actually going back to things he said on the campaign trail. 
>> Right. 
>> To kind of mock his evolution. 
>> Well, first of all, talking about the evolution, it is a political evolution, candidates do this. Richard nixon said you run to the right in primaries, run to the middle in general election campaigns. If anyone believes that data-driven mitt romney's a type of guy to follow wilsonian foreign policy and be george w. Bush and say we're going to export freedom to all four corners of the globe and we are going to end tyranny on the face of the earth, they don't know mitt romney well. If you want to bash him for being a neo con to win the primary, you can do that. If you want to criticize him, you can do that too. I think this fits mitt's personality a lot more. That said, if you look at the polls last night. The game change boys are here. Some of these polls show that barack obama, a lot of people thought he won and he won by a substantial margin. 

[00:04:53]


>> According to flash polls taken immediately after the debate it was a good night for the president. Cnn/orc poll found that 48% of registered voters bieved president obama won the debate, 40% said romney won. I guess we have a little bit of a bias audience here. Cbs news poll of uncommitted voters hands the president a decisive victory in the debate by a 30-point margin. 
>> And you had a lot of tweets also. A 30-point margin, that's about as substantial as barack obama -- or mitt romney had in the first debate. We also had some tweets last night that we picked up on. Mike murphy tweeted this. He worked with mitt romney in the past. Romney will keep moving forward after tonight, obama was solid, but romney was tone perfect, what he needed. Erick erickson said this, saying obama won this debate is like the nobel prize awarded for not being george bush. Obama is wiping the floor with him on substance and basically fled his neo-conservatism. Ron fournier got it right in my opinion, at least, obama wins night, romney wins season, obama faces what he sought to avoid, a tight race against a credible rival. And I wondered, john, last night as we were watching this debate, you know, how I said after the second debate I thought mitt romney's tone was off for the first 20 minutes. He was too aggressive. 
>> Yeah. 
>> And even the romney people are saying that now. Last night, I was struck watching the commander in chief, the sitting president, the reigning heavy weight champ, every question turning and punching away, punching away at romney. Every single question he had -- he felt like he couldn't just answer the question, he had to attack his rival. I thought he was -- I thought HIS -- THE '80s CALLED AND WANT Their foreign policy back. I thought that was not presidential. I thought what he talked about with the u.S. Navy. Again, this is my opinion. I'm hearing cat calls from the back already. But I bring this up to bring up the point, most presidents want to look like they're above the fray. Last night revealed something deeper, I think, about what the obama campaign is seeing in their polling. They have got to take romney down a few notches, right? 

[00:07:20]


>> Well, I think it's true that there's -- that, ron's point, there's no question that romney is a credible rival and is moving we talked about this yesterday. The momentum is with romney and there's question the president had a desire to try to keep him down. I didn't really find those things quite so problematic. I actually thought this was the best of obama's three debates. 
>> Right. 
>> Compared to, you know, in that debate last at hofstra where you had the physicality and all that kind of contempt that came out. I thought the seated debate. President obama's really g on foreign policy, he was good on foreign policy in 2008, good last night, he indulged in a few zingers, that's certainly true, although the one on the navy illustrated a broader point which was to cast romney as a figure of the past and show romney doesn't know what he's talking about. 
>> And also the broader point he knows he's lost virginia, but go ahead, continue. 
>> And I think romney actually in the first half an hour of the debate seemed very tentative and very weak and nervous and kind of -- 
>> he did. He did. 
>> In a time very unsteady. He got better as the debate went on. His second half was better than his first half. The overarching thing you couldn't get away from was watching romney. I joked about him running to the center. He really was -- he hugged the president on substance over and over and over again trying to basically say there's not much that difference. His message was -- I basically agree with you on everything in terms of policy, I would execute the policy better. 
>> I noticed what you noticed in terms of uvsteadiness, but there was a point where you saw romney get strong and get comfortable with the content. 
>> You didn't realize how uncomfortable mitt romney was with foreign policy until h started talking about domestic policy. And he looked so confident. He looked like the mitt romney of denver. And then they went back to foreign policy and there was a little sweat, there's nerves, his voice wasn't in command. Far different than when he's talking domestic policy. 
>> If he hadn't righted himself after the first couple of answers, it would have been a disastrous debate for him. I don't think there's andoubt that the president won in the room. He was stronger on almost every topic on foreign policy, he was stronger, and I think his knowledge not only of his own record and ability to talk about it fluidly, but if mitt romney's record was really impressive. He knows what mitt romney said in the past and I don't think there's any doubt that mitt romney in terms of inconsistency on foreign policy, in terms of not having a policy shop on foreign policy, anything like what a normal presidential candidate has, I think that was all on display. But -- 

[00:09:46]


>> by the way, let me stop you right there. Not having a policy shop, mitt romney has decided from the very beginning that he was going to be his own guy on foreign policy. He was going to avoid getting the giants in foreign policy. There have been a lot of concerns. Last night it showed. He didn't have the foreign policy giants around him. He's the guy that made that decision and he paid for that last night. 
>> You saw it last night and you saw the president was good at teasing this out. A history of statements on a range of important issues where his criticisms of the president were kind of hallow and shallow. And I think the president made him pay a price in the room. But I still believe as I said last night, what was mitt romney's goal in this debate? To come out with people saying he's acceptable. And if you want to change in direction in particular on the economy, are you fine with mitt romney sitting in the oval office during an international crisis? I think for a lot of voters he came across after the last few minutes as acceptable. 
>> Even in the first few minutes I could tell he was nervous, uncomfortable, but I thought mitt romney's tone was pitch-perfect throughout the night even when his responses weren't. And I know this is deeply offensive to a lot of people that are in their basement eating chee-tos and dorks and losers like us that have been following this since we were 5 years old because substance matters. But if you're undecided at this point, you're not focusing on gaza, right? You're focusing on your kid in middle school and the report card. And so tone reay does matter. Is this guy going to be crazy? Or is he rational? And mitt romney looked rational last night. 
>> Yeah, I think he did for the most part. I think the queion we could answer here this morning is when we asked yesterday, which is are people going to vote on -- based on what they saw last night? Are they going to vote on a foreign policy debate? Was there anything they saw last night that would change a mind? 
>> Do you think there is? 

[00:11:47]


>> I don't necessarily, I think there were some things if you were on the fence that mitt romney came to president obama on. Right out of the gate on a couple of issues, benghazi, first and foremost, the first question, so much build-up about it, this is going to be central -- 
>> willie, why can't mitt romney get that answer right? 
-- 
>> well, it was clear he didn't want to talk about. 
>> Why? 
>> He was asked the question and swept it aside and moved on to -- 
>> a lot of liberal pundits are talking about the "washington post" report that showed that susan rice was right. That's all we heard last night, susan rice was right, it doesn't matter, there has been a chaos around the white house message over the past month. And the fact that mitt romney has now whiffed two timest a big fat softball coming down the center of the plate, and by the way, how about those giants -- is shocking to a lot of conservatives. 
>> I don't know he whiffed last night. 
>> He left the batn the shoulder because he iffed last time. After he messed it up in the second debate, I predicted he would not engage on it because he missed his chance. He could not go back without calling attentiono his -- 
>> but if you listen to the post debate analysis, read twitter online. Conservatives were shocked. They believe this issue is central to flaws in president obama's foreign policy. 
>> It is. And I'll tell you, you get a guy like charles krauthammer, give him 20 shots, he could still go on there and explain why benghazi was an absolute mess. But you -- you had mitt romney incapable for the second time of answering that question. 
>> I think on libya, once the information came out that the cia was slow to catch up with what was happening, I think people essentially said let's move on, let's focus on other foreign policy issues. I think they tended to agree on a lot of issues like iran which got a lot of attention like syria. The biggest area of agreement was the foreign policy, you know, to use my phrase, begins at home. They spent most of the debate talking about domestic policy. 

[00:13:57]


>> Yeah. 
>> Essentially the real challenge for the united states was not doing more iraqs and afghanistans, quote unquote nation building begins at home. That's what people want to hear. It's the sense we've overreached, overextended, and the biggest challenges are education. Look how much they talked about teachers, infrastructure, deficit. Essentially we've got to -- not come isolationists, but recalibrate. 
>> Mitt romney came in strong kind of talking about how bad off we are and how our role in the world has gone down a notch or two. And the president came right back saying actually, no. And we have a lot to be proud of, a long to go, but here's what we're doing. He went into manufacturing and went into all the things he's done that's played into building america from the middle out, which builds our strength ultimately in terms of national security. 
>> That's the argument you had to convey. I do think it is ironic that after four years of us conservatives saying this president is not up to the task of being commander in chief, is not up to the task of understanding the nuance of foreign policy, he's not up to the task of building alliances across the globe, he just in terms of substance so clearly outclassed his republican opponent last night. Again, in terms of policy. There's no doubt. If you watch that debate last night and you thought that mitt romney was better on substance than barack obama, had a better grasp of substance than barack obama, then you're such an ideologue. 
>> Exactly. And I think if you're undecided and you had voted for obama and yowere on the fence, you might have been pulled back in last night. 
>> You know what? I think last night, again, i think it just is going to make this race even closer at the end. 
>> Let's take a look at the issues. One key issue, of course, how to handle a nuclear iran. Romney agreed the u.S. Should focus on crippling sanction and military action as a last resort. 

[00:15:57]


>> We need to increase pressure time and time again on iran because anything other than a -- a solution to this which says -- which stops this nuclear folly of theirs is unacceptable to america. And, of course, a military action is the last resort. It is something one would only consider if all of the other avenues had been tried to their full extent. 
>> I'm glad that governor romney agrees with the steps that we're taking. There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did, but you'd say them louder and somehow that would make a difference. And it turns out that the work involved in setting up these crippling sanctions is painstaking, it's meticulous. 
>> Okay. We can go to afghanistan, but richard really quickly on iran, there were some interesting things happening there because the president went back at some of the things romney has said along the way. And I think that was actually effective to sort of remind people that this guy has had different po of view on this issue. 
>> I don't think that was that effective. People want to know where you are moving forward and the message of last night is everybody wants tighter sanctions on iran if possible. By the way, the sanctions are extraordinarily successful, which is why we're seeing iranians now interested in negotiations. And both people were essentially saying going to war ought to be a last resort. We ought not to rush toward war. I came away saying -- I got a funny tweet saying they're in severe agreement on iran. I actuallyhought that was quite a lot of consistency. 
>> And again, you know, we always go back to the 1980 debate and make some comparisons because it's such -- it was such an important debate. 
>> Right. 
>> Mark, mitt romney did the same thing ronald reagan had to do in 1980. We remember the '80 debate, those old enough, and everybody loves to talk about how ronald reagan wiped the floor with jimmy carter. Hedidn't. He had a couple of extraordinary moments, but it was neck and neck. There were a few -- but last night, this is what mi romney had to do. He had to prove that he was not crazy. You know, gerald ford in 1976 said governor reagan won't get us into war, president reagan will. His own party knocked him as this crazy sort of cowboy. The fascist gun in the west a lot of people would say. Reagan diffused that, same thing mitt romney did last night. For swing voters watching last night, that's the message he had to deliver. 

[00:18:34]


>> That's why, I think, although the president clearly won on points in the room, if there's an impact on the race, it seems to me if mitt romney did really achieve that. Again, not just last night, but over the three debates, I think he came across as someone who a lot of people could see as president and moved to the question of we want four more years of the president's economic policies, or do we want to try something new? That's where governor romney wants the argument. I don't think there's anything that happened last night as exposed as he was on points and on the merits by the president, I don't think there's anything happeninst night that he's going to have to deal with -- 
>> and he was -- 
>> ghrough it. 
>> He was exposed on the merits last night. No doubt about it, mitt romney is uncomfortable talking about foreign policy. 
>> I'm in severe agreement. 
>> Oh, no. Now the exit strategy in afghanistan, governor romney criticized, of course, the president and the way he announced the time line saying he'd consult with military commanders on the ground. But you know, last night, mika, again, we seem to have severe agreement. Again, I was happy to hear mitt romney say something that i wasn't sure he was going to say, and that is that he agreed with the president that we could stay in afghanistan no longer than 2014. That was a surprise. Let's roll the clip. 
>> Well, we're going to be finished by 2014, and when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring ourops out by the end of 2014. The cnders and the generals there are on track to do so. We've seen progress over the past several years, the surge has been successful, and the training program is proceeding at pace. There are now a large number of pav began security forces, 350,000 that are ready to step in to provide security and we're going to be able to make that transition by the end of 2014. 
>> I hated his foreign policy before last night, mitt romney's. I like this. We're not talking about residual forces past 2014. We're not tal about war with iran. This is, again, this is moderate mitt. This is -- by the way, by the way, this mitt romney is where most republicans are right now. He's a realist. 

[00:20:53]


>> Well, in the end, we will never know until he gets in office if he gets in office who the real mitt romney is on these issues. He's said a lot of things that were much more bellicose than this in the republican primaries. Maybe that was politics, maybe this was politics, I don't know the answer to that. But there's no question in a war-weary country, he wanted to, as well -- in terms of reassuring people. He wasn't just reassuring people that he was a capable commander in chief, he was assuring a war-weary country that I don't want to fight -- 
>> why is it -- why wasn't he this way in the primary when you have so many conservatives, traditional conservatives like myself, like george will. Even pretty tough conservatives like ann colter who were skeptical about afghanistan, skeptical about george w. Bush's lsonian foreign policy, even talking about glenn beck, there are a lot of conservative people out there that don't believe in wilsonian foreign policy. 
>> They made a calculation they wanted to play on the neo con side of the house. There was also a really intense side of the competition for the loyalties, financials and otherwise people like sheldon adelson. If you listen to the question of iran and israel, and israel in general that came up all the time. President obama was the greatest friend israel's ever had in this debate. And if I was listening to this debate, I would have been choking on a pretzel last night because it looked to me that president obama was more conservative on the issue than mitt romney. 
>> That response from mitt romney on afghanistan begs the question you could ask about a lot of his answers last night. Is it the romney there last night orhe romney in the past? Do you think he really believes that 2014 is it? Or he asks the generals again, do we stay longer? 
>> We're probably going to end up with some sort of a residual force, but right now close to 70,000. If we end up with 10,000 or 15,000 in afghanistan, it's not the end of the world. I think it makes sense if we can get a situation where americans and afghans can work together and train together. The biggest problem with afghanistan is people we're training are killing the americans. 

[00:23:06]


>> And, willie, that reall is -- I did not go to any military colleges, but if you were actually training people to turn around and kill you, that's a bad sign you need to get out of the country. 
>> I audited a class at west pointe once. 
>> Here we go. We were doing so well. Coming up live -- 
>> what about the giants? We're going to talk about the giants. 
>> We're going to keep going here. SENATOR john McCain will be here onset. And also romney's sparring partner and debate prep, dr. Brzezinski will join us. 
>> He and will will can talk because willie audited a class at west pointe. 
>> I went one day. 
>> Doris kearns goodwin is here. 
>> I see a baby. 
>> Bring it here. Where is that? 
>> Coming up next, the obama campaign is funding its case for the second term. Mike allen has that new ad coming up next in the politico playbook. But first, here's bill karins with a look at the forecast. 
>>> Well, joe, a lot of interesting things going on out there. Tropical storm sandy and the possible east coast impacts. We have rain through missouri and thunderstorms that are spreading toward st. Louis, i think yore going to have airport problems there early today. We also will see eventually that rain heading for chicago. The other area of rain out there moving through pennsylvania. Showers to areas like albany, syracuse, rochester, and right down toward new york city as we go throughout this evening. Those are areas of minor concern. A lot of problems from philadelia, baltimore, d.C., the whole southern half of the country looks gorgeous. The northwest still a little stormy. And as far as that tropical storm sandy goes, seven days from now that storm could be very close to the east coast and new england. There's the potential for a significant storm. We're hoping right now it heads out to sea safely, but it is something we need to watch very closely. Again, that's a week from today, it could be near new england. You're watching "morning joe," more live from boca coming up. We're brewed by starbucks. ] humans -- even when we cross OUR t's AND DOT OUR I's, We still run into problems. Namely, other humans. Which is why, at liberty mutual insurance, auto policies come with new car replacement and accident forgiveness if you qualify. See what else comes standard at libertymutual.Com. Liberty mutual insurance. Responsibility. What'syour policy? humanapp pp to bring you a low-priced medicarerr prescription drug plan. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. fastest. So, which superfast 4G LTE service would you choose, based on this chart ? Don't rush into it, I'm not looking for the fastest answer. Obviously Verizon. Okay, I have a different chart. Going that way, does that make a difference ? Look at Verizon. It's so much more than the other ones. So what if we just changed the format altogether ? Isn't that the exact same thing ? It's pretty clear. Still sticking with Verizon. Verizon. More 4G LTE coverage than all other networks combined. 

[00:28:47]


>>> Okay. So it found him. 
>> There's a problem. 
>> He's so cute. 
>> I give a warning. By the way, welcome back. We're at racks in boca. And the crowdas been extraordinary. But, you know, I have warned people in this general vicinity. And I think the police have actually posted signs on, you know, lamp posts across the area. Do not give your babies to mika because she won't give them back. 
>> He's so cute. 
>> And here we have little dylan. 
>> He's 6 months. And guess what I found out about him? 
>> What? 
>> It's disturbing. 
>> He's a republican. 
>> He's a romney baby. 
>> I'm going to try to protect you. 
>> I can tell by the clip-on tie. 
>> He's ready to talk about money and he's very selfish. 
>> Dylan, you sit tight. By the way, dylan, don't worry about that. She also says that about her own daughter, her republican daughter. Let's take a look at the morning papers while mika plays with babies. The "washington post" says apple is set to make a major announcement. The screen's expected to be about 2 inches er than the current model. There are major questions about the features the device will contain. Apple sold, by the way, over 84 million ipads so fa half of those to mark haleprin. It amounts to a quarter of apple's fiscalhird quarter revenue. 
>> And the "new york times," the fda is investigating claims that the popular energy drink monster may be involved in the deaths as many as five people. The reports claim people had adverse reactions to the amounts of caffeine, but the fda says the drink is not necessarily to blame. Monster contains about seven times as much caffeine as a 12-ounce soda. 
>> Okay, willie -- we better -- when we're smoking a couple of cartons, we probably need to put down the monster. 
>> And to think it was a matter of time before some of the drinks and the shocks. 
>> It makes me nervous. 
>> Something weird going on there. 

[00:30:48]


>> Seriously. 
>> Bias material, man. 
>> Chief correspondent for politico is mikeallen. 
>> He's on monster right now. 
>> He's on street king energy drinks. 
>> We're high on life here. 
>> Okay. 
>> If that's what you call it. 
>> Okay. 
>> Sure you are. 
>> All right, mike, let's look forward. We talked about last night now for the first half hour of the show, now we've got twoeeks till election day. The obama campaignam making the final argument for why the president deserves that second term. Today I understand starts for you with a new book. Let's look at a 60-second ad he's putting up in nine swing states. 
>> There's just no quit america. And you're seeing that right now. Over 5 million new jobs, exports up 41%. Home values, rising. Our auto industry, back. And our heroes are coming home. We're not there yet, but we've made real progress, and the last thing we should do is turn back now. Here's my plan for the next four years, making education and training a national priority. Building on our manufacturing bo, boosting american-made energy, reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more. And ending the war in afghanistan so we can do some nation building here at home. That's the right path. So read my plan, compare it to governor romney's and decide which is better for you. It's an honor to be your president. And I'm asking for your vote. So together we can keep moving america forward. I'm barack obama, and I approve this message. 
>> Man, that's a great ad, willie. 
>> It's great ad. We're talking here on the set. Joe points out there's hints, traces in there of "morning america" from 1984. 
>> Even if it's not morning in your country, in your home, there is morning all around you. That's the message of it. And three important words we heard in that ad. Here's my plan. The president's been getting a lot of criticism for not being specific about what round two, what an obama two would look like. There, he starts to talk about it. And beginning today at his events, the president is going to hold up a book of his plan. And we have a copy of it here. The president has a 20-page booklet printing 3.5 million copies of it to mail out, to give out at events, to send to field offices, to answer people who say the president hasn't said what he's going to do. This is a re-packaging of the plans the president has previously announced of manufacturing, education, energy. But the idea is to remind people he has a plan. Very much the way mitt romney very successfully in the debates has said I have a five-point plan. Here are my five points. People like to hear that. And even if they don't delve into what those points are, it sinks in their mind they know a little bit where things are going. 

[00:33:49]


>> And so real quick, mike, is there anything new as far as you can tell on that book that the president's putting out anything different? Anything to put forward in the second term? 
>> The president, vice president den, their surrogates are going to be holding out, giving out this book in conjunction with tv advertisement. Over the next 72 hours, we're really going to see the power of the obama machine. We're going to see the president do a whirlwind of six states, including wednesday night flying overnight from las vegas to tampa, making calls from air force one to supporters. Showing energy, touching all the most important states and at the end of the trip, he'll be going home to chicago, becoming the first sitting president to early vote. Reminding his people, if i should do it, you should do it. 
>> Mike allen with a look inside the politico playbook. 
>>> Coming up, we're going to talk to formrnc chairman michael steele. His take on the debate and the world series match-up with giants coming all the way back to stunning the cardinals. Mike, step away from the children. Sports next. money on gasoline. I am probably going to the gas station about once a month. Last time I was at a gas station was about...I would say... Two months ago. I very rarely put gas in my chevy volt. I go to the gas station such a small amount that I forget how to put gas in my car. 
[ Male Announcer ] AND IT'S NOT JUST THESE Owners giving the volt high praise. Volt received the j.D. Power and associates appeal award two years in a row. ?????? ?????? ??? 

[00:38:18]


[ Male Announcer ] JILL AND HER MOUTH HAVE Lived a great life. But she has some dental issues she's not happy about. So I introduced jill to crest pro-health for life. Selected for people over 50. Pro-health for life is a toothpaste that defends against tender, inflamed gums, sensitivity and weak enamel. Conditions people over 50 experience. Crest pro-health for life. So jill can keep living the good life. Crest. Life opens up when you do. 
>>> Welcome back to racks here in boca raton. You know, there was a baseball game last night, john heilemann. 
>> There was a baseball game last night. The san francisco giants last night. 
>> John heilemann is our resident giants fan that came all the way back from a 3-1 deficit to force a game seven last night in the nlcs in san francisco. The cardinals were a -- giants up 1-0. Matt kaine at the plate with a runner on second helping his own cause. A base hit to center. Blanco comes around to score, giants up 2-0. Bases loaded for hunter pence, broken bat single and then john jay misplays the ball at center, all three runs come around to score. The bases are cleared, blowing it open, mike, 5-0. 
>> The slow-mo of that at bat, the ball breaks the bat, the ball hits the bat twice -- 
>> three times it hit the bat, incredible. 
>> And in for a double. 
>> Matt kaine up 7-0. Ninth inning, matt holliday down 9-0, he pops out in the driving rainstorm to marco scuturo. And that's it, the san francisco giants going to the series. 

[00:40:32]


>> Unbelievable, willie. 
>> Win game seven, 9-0, they'll take on the tigers, the second team in history to win six straight elimination games, marco scuturo is the mvp. 
>> What about coming back from 3-1? I know quite a few teams have done it, but that's a bit of rarity. 
>> It is. And you can feel with every game the pressure builds. I say, boy, they're going back to san francisco, if you're the giants, your mentality is we have to win a two-game series at home. 
>> Getting back home for those guys, there is no baseball park in america where the crowd is more part of the game, it's a very intimate stadium, everyone's right on top of the field. Well, okay, national league. But you concede, the crowd is loud and on top of the field and believe that team can come back no matter how far down they are and they often do. 
>> And they're high on life as well. 
>> And a lot of other things. Mike, how does this series line up. 
>> Well, the tigers have their pitching lined up because they're well rested, the giants have had to extend their staff because they didn't go home, they were extended to seven games. I would have to think the tigers would be the prohibitive favorites in the series. I would pick the tigers to win in five or six games. 
>> Remember, the series starts in san francisco, they have home field advantage because the national league won the all-star game. 
>> There's no home field advantage with justin verlander on the mound. 
>> Giants have a goodf, though. 
>> But it's two days off. 
>> Just saying. 
>> Don't count those boys out. Don't count the orange out. 
>> The monday night football last night, the bears beat the lions, bears 5-1. When we come back, michael steele joins us here in boca for mika's must-read opinion pages. Keep it on "morning joe." We'll be right back. ] Ring. Progresso. I just finished a bowl of your new Light Chicken Pot Pie Soup and it's so rich and creamy... is it really 100 calories? Let me put you on webcan... ...lean roasted chicken... and a creamy broth Mmm I can still see you. 

[00:43:18]


[ Male announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. How does your small business door? Email marketing from constant contact reaches people in a place they're checking every day -- their inbox. And it gives you the tools to create custom emails that drive business. It's just one of the ways constant contact can help you grow your small busiss. Sign up for your free trial today AT ConstantContact.com/T. 

[00:45:54]


>>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're headed down to the low 200s IF WE GO THROUGH A Sequestration. That's unacceptable to me. I want to make sure we have the t ships required by our navy. 
>> I think governor romney hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mention the navy and we have fewer ships than 1916. Well, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of ourmilitary's changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them, things that go under water,uclear submarines. So the question is not game of battleship where we're counting ship, it's what are our capabilities. 
>> Welcome back to "morning joe" at 46 past the hour. Time now for the must-read opinion pages. And joining us now, msnbc political analyst and former chairman of the republican national committeeichael steele. Michael, good to have you onboard. 
>> Good to be with you. 
>> I don't know when you did this, but joe wrote a piece for politico that was filed before 6:00 this morning. It says mitt wins debate season. Interesting spin. 
>> You don't like that, do you? 
>> Well, the title seems you might be spinning. We'll see. Romney did enough thingsight to keep the momentum going his way. The former massachusetts governor's tone was nearly perfect and he abandoned the hard neo conservative line that concerned more traditional conservatives like myself. President obama showed superior knledge to his challenger on al every queion raised involving foreign policy. But I found his hone at times to be jarring for a sitting commander in chief. I would roll my eyes at a cable news pundit who used the line, THE '80s CALLED AND WANT THEIR Foreign policy back, but that line is cringe-iing from a president. T. Still, president obama clearly won the debate last night, I'm just not so sure this morning that his performance in boca will ensure the commander in chief another four years. 

[00:48:01]


>> Mike, you'll remember back in 1980 george h.W. Bush talked about bigmo, the second debate didn't really stop it. From going mt romney's way. Will obama's wins in I the second and third debate stop that? 
>> The president of the united statesid a nice job last night. He is the commander in chief. He as access to all the intel reports every single day. Governor romney came in there playing an away game. His only objective last night was fulfilled. It was for millions of americans watching that debate to sit there, see him and say he's n dangerous. That was all he had to do and he did it. 
>> You think he did it. Michael steele, is it possible for mitt romney to lose the battle twice? Debate two and debate three and still win the war? 
>> Yeah, I do. 
>> You agree that's what happened, right? Obviously romney won the first debate and the president won the second. 
>> I think your headline really sums it up. While he may have lost an individual debathere or there over the season, over the long run, he's won. 
>> Tell me why that's not spin. Because a lot of democrats listening would say, oh, you and scarborough are spinning. 
>> I think it's spin. 
>> Mika thinks it's spin. 
>> She does. 
>> You do. 
>> And I'll tell you why in a moment. First you. 
>> I don't think it's spin, because I think to what mike just said and what you've talked about so far is that this whole thing leading up to this moment is about do no harm. 
>> Yeah. 
>> And romney did no harm. He was effective, he was commander in chief-like. He presented well, he was effective in the way -- his demeanor, you know, the engagement between him and the president. 
>> You would agree with me that the last debate, the first 20 minutes, mitt was way off. And when I said it, a lot of republicans were shocked. It was unbecoming of a guy who wanted to be president. But he corrected. 

[00:50:02]


>> That's the skirmish he lost. And it started with that first debate, that was the maer, he laid down that benchmark and basically stayed true to that throughout this whole process which allows him to win the season. 
>> I think stylistically he did no harm. But I think people are really tuned in and I don't think they're looking at style, i think they're looking at substance, and I don't think -- I'll say mitt romney did not seem comfortable with his content last night. And I know that look very well. Richard haass, I'll read what the "new york times" says, the final presidential debate, on issue after issue, mr. Romney sounded as if he had read the bold-faced headings in a briefing book, or a freshman global history textbook and not gone much further than that. Other times he announced he had h a strategy for the middle east, particularly iran and syria and really for the world but gave no clue what it uld be. Much like his claim that he has a plan to create 12 million jobs and balance the budget while cutting taxes but not say what it is. At his worst, sounded like a beauty pageant contestant groping for an answer to the final question. 
>> Okay. That's a little extreme. Of course, the audience loves it. 
>> No, I thought it was really interesting that mitt romney said we can't kill our way out of this mess. Talking about the middle east, that iraq and afghanistan were not templates for him. I think what he was basically was messaging. That we are not going to have the sort of overreaching foreign policy where we were the united states to use what a former secretary of state once said, we're not going to go out in search of monsters to destroy and we're not going to remake a part of the world worth remaking. That represented a departure from a certain strand of republicanism, and it was very consistent, again, with the idea that what we need to do is take every discretionary resource we have, every marginal resource and focus it on domestic rebuilding. That was an important message. 

[00:52:04]


>> Mike, mitt romney the realist, even if he'd been flip-flopping up until this point, that's a lot more comforting, isn't it, than mitt romney neo con? 
>> Yeah, I think people watching the debates centered around foreign policy, obviously. We've been at war for 12 years. This is beyond definition. None of the candidates get or address, but it is beyond definition. The war wariness in this country. By the way, these are observations, not endorsements, so stop the tweeting. He did an effective job of being sane, sensible, and not dangerous. 
>> That's very generous. Okay. Still ahead, senator john McCAIN -- 
>> My goodness -- 
>> and chris -- 
>> do you think he'll be so generous? 
>> I'm a little nervous. 
>>> And in a few minutes, tom brokaw. Keep it here on "morning joe" live from boca. humanapp up pp to bring you a low-priced medicarerr prescription drug plan. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. hard family. And also to build my career. So I'm not about to always let my frequent bladder urges, or the worry my pipes might leak get in the way of my busy lifestyle. That's why I take care, with VESIcare. Once-daily VESIcare can help control your bladder muscle and is proven to treat overactive bladder with symptoms of frequent urges and leaks day and night. If you have certain stomach or glaucoma problems, or trouble emptying your bladder, do not take VESIcare. VESIcare may cause allergic reactions that may be serious. If you experience swelling of the face, lips, throat or tongue, stop taking VESIcare and get emergency help. Tell your doctor right away if you have severe abdominal pain, or become constipated for three or more days. VESIcare may cause blurred vision, so use caution while driving or doing unsafe tasks. Common side effects are dry mouth, constipation, and indigestion. I've worked hard to get to where I am... and I've got better places to go than always going to the bathroom. So take charge of your symptoms by talking to your doctor and go to vesicare.com for a free trial offer. When you take a closer look... ...at the best schools in the world... ...you see they all have something very interesting in common. They have teachers... ...with a deeper knowled of their subjects. As a result, their students achieve at a higher level. Let's develop more stars in education. Let's invest in our teachers... ...so they can inspire our students. Let's solve this. 

[00:56:14]


>>> All right, welcome back inside racks here in boca. He's had a couple of bloody mary's and he's got a important feature. 
>> My daughter was kind enough to make this. She built with her sisters a couple hundred romney signs and we heard rudy giuliani speak at the romney boca office. And we obviously have a different view than most people here, including mika. And I do watch the show every day because I like to hear what the other side has to say. I like to hear a diverse opinion and educate my daughters on what that opinion is. 
>> And mika drove you into the arms of the republican party. 
>> Something like that. I voted for perot so I've been independent. 
>> Another man who saddled up to the bar, the man, the myth, the legend, tom brokaw next when we come back to racks in boca. so glad called. you. We're not in london, are we? No. Why? Apparently my debit card is. What? I know. Don't worry, we have cancelled your old card. Great. Thank you. In addition to us monitoring your accounts for unusual activity, you could also set up free account alerts. Okay. 

[00:58:30]


[ Female Announcer ] AT WELLS FARGO WE'RE Working around the clock to help protect your money and financial information. Here's your temporary card. Welcome back. How was london? 
[ Female Announcer ] WELLS FARGO. Together we'll go far. have need? At legalzoom, we've created a better place to turn for your legal matters. Maybe you want to incorporate a business you'd like to start. Or protect your family with a will or living trust. Legalzoom makes it easy with step-by-step help when completing your personalized document 
-- or you can even access an attorney to guide you along. With an "a" rating from the better business bureau legalzoom helps you get personized and affordable legal protection. In most states, a legal plan attorney is available with every personalized document to answer any questions. Get started at legalzm.Com today. And now you're protected. 

[01:01:15]


>>> What we're seeing is a pretty dramatic reversal in the kind of hopes we had for that region. Of course, the greatest threat of all is iran, four years closer to a nuclear weapon. And we're going to have to recognize that we have to do as the president has done. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess 
>> governor romney, I'm glad that you recognize that al qaeda is a threat. Because a few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda, russia. The cold war's beeover for 20 years, but, governor, you know, when it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the foreign policies of THE 1980s, JUST LIKE THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s AND THE ECONOMIC POLICIES IN THE 1920s. 
>> All right. Welcome back to "morning joe." It is the top of the hour. Live from racks downtown eatery and tavern in boca raton, florida, just miles from lynn university where president obama and mitt romney faced off in their final presidential debate last night. Mark haleprin, michael steele, and mike barnicle still with us. And joining us now, nbc news' tom brokaw. 
>> Mika, top of the hour, a lot of people that weren't watching an hour ago tuning in, what did you think? 
>> I thought the president won, I think there's clear arguments for romney got through it to the point perhaps nothing jarring would happen that would throw him off from any closing in he might be doing. But the president was really strong on every level. 
>> You said two, three minutes in, you picked up that mitt romney looked nervous. 
>> He seemed to be more focused on just getting it right than going after the president's policies, and he agreed in areas where he had been more critical of the president in the past. So he was making some transitions. I think also quite frankly to get through the night, as well. Tom brokaw, what was your take away? 

[01:03:18]


>> Well, my take away was as i said last night, the american people have to understand that the middle east has never been more dangerous nor more complex than it is right now. And this is not a kind of shake and bake foreign policy that we're going to develop here. I think that both men were trying, obviously, to score points. But there has not been a sweeping middle east review since the arab spring. It was not about democracy. This was a populous movement, democracy's a new concept for them. It took us about 30 years after 1776 to get our democracy in place. It's still a tribal culture over there, still very dangerous. We're supporting monarchies in saudi arabia and jordan yet, but at the same time talking about democracies. If you spend any time in that region at all, first thing happens when you get off an airplane is some young arab will come up to you and say, I love america, you only support israel. So it's very hard to get traction in that part of the world when it comes to having an influence on them. 
>> Before I get to a back a forth last night that resinated with either side depending on who you were supporting, what was your take ay overall? 
>> Well, barack obama clearly outmatched mitt romney on substance. No doubt about that. I also noticed a couple of minutes in, mitt romney was striking the right tone. The second debate his tone was all wrong for the first 20 minutes, 30 minutes, he was combative like he was in the republican primary. And while that worked well against rick perry, and newt gingrich and very well against primary opponents herman cain, it doesn'tork well against the sitting president of the united states. Last night his tone was right. He wasn't as strong on the substance, he did look like he was trying to memorize lines and spit them back out. That said, I think he did what he needed to do to survive. The question now is with swing voters in ohio whether last night's debate will sway how they vote. I suspect it won't. 

[01:05:25]


>> I wish there were four more of these. I thought schieffer was fantastic and I loved the format because you could have a real discussion almost. 
>> Bob schieffer, by the way, did you notice, mark haleprin, they didn't screw with bob schieffer. Like they knew they weren't going to cross schieff 
>> there's a reason for that. 
>> Because they knew that this tart -- as dan rather would say, this tart texan would come right back at them and hit them hard. They showed schieffer respect and bob schieffer ran the best debate by far. 
>> Well, the president had an extraordinary command not only of his own record but of governor romney's. And I think bob let them both have their say. And one reason I think the president got the better of him, again, just total command of here's why I've been a good commander in chief, but also he knows governor romney's record and past statements on foreign policy like he's an opposition researcher who sits in headquarters in chicago and reads transcripts all day and got his chance to make that case very strongly. 
>> It wouldn't be a tart texan, it would be a tough texan. That tough texan would trouns them until they were tongue tied. Did he do what he needed to do? 
>> He did. He was very effective and he was presidential. And that's what you need to do in that situation. 
>> He looked nervous. 
>> He was in the beginning. But he settled into it. And it proved the point. And I think I've heard tom talk about this. When you're on that stage with the president of the united states in a foreign policy debate, you've got to bring your "a" game. The best you're going to do is a "b" plus. 
>> Like mike's been saying, mika, barack obama had home field advantage, commander in chief. 
>> And actually had some really strong foreign policy moves in the past four years that sort of back him up a little bit. But so much riding on this election on the outcome in ohio, which holds the second highest number of auto workers in the country, both candidates drifted into domestic policy and the question of the auto bailout. Take a listen. 

[01:07:26]


>> I said they need these companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy and in that process they can get government help and government guarantees, but they need to go through a bankruptcy to get rid of excess costs and the debt burden they built up. And fortunately -- 
>> governor romney, that's not what you said. 
>> Fortunately -- 
>> you can take a look -- 
>> governor romney -- 
>> you can take a look at the op-ed. 
>> You did not say -- 
>> I said we would provide guarantees and that was able to allow these companies to go through bankruptcy, come out of bankruptcy under no circumstances would I do anything other than to help this industry to get on its feet. And the idea that has been suggested that I would liquidate the industry, of course not. Of course not. 
>> Let's check the record. Let's check the record. 
>> I never said I could liquidate the industry. I want to keep -- 
>> the people in detroit don't forget. Anybody out there can check the record. Governor romney, you keep on trying to air brush history here. You were very clear. That you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would have gone -- 
>> you're wrong. You're wrong. 
>> No, I am not wrong. I am not wrong. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> Good. 
>> So in a 2008 "new york times" op-ed titled "let dit go bankrupt." He argued he wanted to take the company through a managed bankruptcy where they would get government help but also acquire private financing. Of course, tom, this is so critical and the election may come down to the auto bailout because of -- as your good buddy and mike's g buddy tim russert would be saying right now, it is all about ohio, ohio, ohio. Let's all say it together. 
>> I know what he was attempting to do which was to soften the edges about his position on the bailout of the auto industry. I thought he weighted a little more deeply into the weeds than I would have expected him to at that point. Very strong as the president was, hey, , you've got to go through bankruptcy, and when you emerge from that, we'll see what happens. And there are a number of people who are advisers to him that say no, no, no, they couldn't have gotten private equity. A lot of people don't think there was that kind of money to bail out chrysler. I'd also like to remind folks that ronald reagan during his term, I'm very familiar with this because I was doing a profile on a documentary at the time. Ronald reagan said loan guarantees for chrysler when chrysler was in trouble went to congress and said okay by me, give them the loan guarantees they need to survive. And so this is a very tricky issue. 

[01:10:17]


>> And the election comes down to ohio. 
>> It does come down to ohio and comes down to the fact that i would suppose that governor romney and his people do not want to go to toledo, akron, and other places in northern ohio where the part suppliers as well as the automobile manufacturing plants are so reliant on what the government did for the automobile industry, he doesn't want to be going there to try to explain what a managed bankruptcy would've meant. 
>> Yeah, right. 
>> Once he gets into that. 
>> What the president did, WORKED, THEREst NO ARGUMENT There when it comes to the -- 
>> the "new york times" pays $500 or $1,000 for an op-ed piece by an outside writer, I'm not sure mitt romney is happy he took the money and wrote that piece. He traded $500 for the presidency potentially. 
>> So mitt romney looked to attack the president on his so-called apology tour. A phrase some republicans began using just months after he was inaugurated in 2009 to criticize the president's policies toward the middle east. 
>> Then the president began what I called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they looked at that and saw weakness. Then when there were dissidents in the streets of tehran, a green revolution holding signs saying is america with us? The president was silent. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. And every fact checker and every reporter's looked at it, governor, has said this is not true. 
>> The reason I call it an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and saudi arabia and turkey and iraq. And -- by the way, you skipped israel, our closest friend in the region, but you went to the other nations. And by the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> If we're going to talk about trips that we've taken. When I was a candidate for office, first trip I took was to visit our troops. And when I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors, I didn't attend fundraisers. 

[01:12:32]


>> I mean, if we want to -- if we want to talk about fundraisers that the candidates -- 
>> no, let's just leave that. 
>> No, let's not leave that moment there. If we want to talk about fundraisers that candidates made at the inappropriate times. I could list about 20 of them that barack obama did over the past four years that he shouldn't have done. That was a cheap shot. That said, michael steele -- 
>> so too -- 
>> it was a cheap shot. I hear the booing in the background. Would you like me to talk about fundraisers that the president made, when the president made fundraisers that were inappropriate? I could do it right now. You want me to? You don't want me to because it's not good for your candidate. Michael -- 
>> give them one. 
>> That said, michael, the contrast between barack obama in the first debate and the third debate could not have been different. You remember 2004, the president SAYING I'M LeBRON, BABY. LAST NIGHT HE WAS LeBRON, BABY. 
>> HE WAS LeBRON, BABY. 
>> While it was a cheap shot, it was effective and it caused people to go, oh, okay, all right. The president brought it to romney in that moment. And that's the difference between being president of the united states and in this area of foreign policy when you can then wrap back around and say, oh, wait a minute, while you were playing politics, I was doing the heavy lifting of foreign affair. But to his credit, to his credit, at that point I think romney has settled into his groove a little bit. He was a little bit more comfortable in his skin in going with the president -- going up against the president. And he didn't back down. He stayed in the game. And I think that helped him survive that moment. 
>> But if we're going to talk about trips. Mitt romney as david axelrod put it on "meet the press," had his dukes of hazard tour of destinations that did not go well at all where he insulted everybody. 
>> Well, actually, mika, your father's home country of poland, I think that went very well for mitt romney. 
>> My brother I did a great job with that. 

[01:14:35]


>> When they went to israel, benjamin netanyahu did everything but come out and endorse mitt romney on that tour. If you want to be selective about it, you can be selective about it. But there's no doubt that barack obama won on points last night. My question is this, is it a cop out to say and mika answered this, as well, is it a cop out to say that both candidates got what they wanted out of last night? 
>> I totally agree with that. I think mitt romney needed to get through the night and there needed to be no gaffe. No real hole in his argument, something that he would then have to fix later. And he more than did that. 
>> Mark? 
>> The president is by definition an incumbent, also by the counts of his campaign ahead. An incumbent who said he's ahead on every answer -- 
>> I don't understand that. 
>> One is, he was still haunted by the denver performance. He still needed to go out just as he did in the second debate, forget denver, I'm aggressive, fighting for this job. And he believes having studied mitt romney's statements on foreign policy it's disqualifying, he shouldn't be commander in chief and he wanted to prove it on every answer, every opportunity to say you guys need to focus on this man. His statements too inconsistent, much like george bush and john kerry. 
>> I think you may have seen with the president a man who believed that his opponent was unworthy. 
>> Yeah. 
>> And these flip-flops on foreign policy -- 
>> just like bush and kerry. 
>> Hey, tom, mark brings up a great point, and I wonder what it means about the internal polls that barack obama's team are looking at. But, I was really surprised by this president on every single answer would answer -- talked about his policy, pivot, turn to mitt romney and rhetorically punch him in the face. Every single question. And as mark said, he's ahead right now. Even if it's by a small margin, he's president of the united states. Why didwhe -- why do you think he did that? Do you think it was a personal thing or do you think it was political that they said, hey, we really need to disqualify this guy the momentum's on romney's side. 

[01:16:48]


>> I think it was a combination of the two. I think when the full realization of how poorly he performed in denver washed up over top of him and hearing it from everyone knew he had to fight back and there were suggestions within the democratic party that the guy doesn't want a second term. Maybe he doesn't want to be there anymore. He's been trying to demonstrate he does. And there's a fair amount of personal animosity between the two of them now. 
>> You think? 
>> Although they were better on the stage last night, by the way. 
>> The families. 
>> With the families. They mingled in a way and i think that had to do with the al smith dinner that they probably bonded a little bit there. We're all treating this like an insurance contract and going through it point by point by point. The fact is the public looking in, in my opinion, is a broader impression. Can governor romney be commander in chief? Is the president a commander in chief that we can entrust our national security to? And we'll see the results of that in the next 24 hours or so as it plays out. And my own impression was that obviously the president was more commanding because he is the commander in chief. He's more familiar with these tough decisions that have to be made and the complexity of what they're dealing with around the world. But I don't think he knocked romney off the stage. And that was the important thing for the governor was that he hung in there. I did think that there were a couple of contradictions on the parts of both of them when the governor talks about not cutting the defense budget and the navy ships and then that gave the president the opportunity to say, you know, we haven't had horses and bayonets since the first world war, as well. And then when the governor comes back and says government doesn't create jobs. Last week on this program we had eric cantor on and I pressed him about the defense budget and he said we have a lot of jobs in virginia that depend on it. It's that contradiction that we pay more attention to than the cotry does. 
>> All right, tom, stay with us if you can. Still ahead, we have senator john McCain. He'll be here onset in boca. Also presidential historian doris kearns goodwin joins us. And next, dr. Brzezinski joins us and chris coons of delaware. Hey. Hey eddie. I brought your stuff. You don't have to do this. Yes I do. I want you to keep this. It'd be weird. Take care. You too. So how did it go? He's upset. 

[01:19:42]


[ Male Announcer ] SPEND LESS TIME AT GAS Stations with best in class fuel economy. It's our most innovative altima ever. Now get a $199 per month lease on a 2013 nissan altima. ?????? ?????? dreams. One is for a clean, domestic energy future that puts us in control. Our abundant natural gas is already saving us money, producing cleaner electricity, putting us to work here in america and supporting wind and solar. Though all energy development comes with some risk, we're committed to safely and responsibly producing natural gas. It's not a dream. America's natural gas... Putting us in control of our energy future, now. a together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 

[01:21:49]


[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 
>>> They sell us about this much stuff every year, and we sell them about this much stuff every year. It's pretty clear who doesn't want a trade war and there's one going on right now we don't know about. It's a silent one and they're winning. We have enormous trade imbalance with china and worse this year than last year and worse last year than the year before. China can be our partner, but that doesn't mean they can roll all over us and steal our jobs on an unfair basis. 
>> Governor romney is right, you are familiar with unfair jobs overseas because you were involved in a company shipping jobs overseas. You're right, that's our free market works. I've made a different bet on american workers. If we had taken your advice about our auto industry, we'd be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. If we take your advice with respect to how we change our tax codes so that companies that earn profits overseas don't pay u.S. Taxes compared to companies here that are paying taxes, that's estimated to create 800,000 jobs, the problems are they won't be here, they'll be in places like china. 
>>> All right. 23 past the hour. We're live in boca at racks downtown eatery and tavern. And inside, we have a great crowd. And joining us here onset, democratic senator from delaware, member of the foreign relations committee, senator chris coons. And from washington, not sure how we got this one done, former national security adviser for president carter, dr. Zbigniew brzezinski, author of "strategic 

[01:24:10]


vision: America and the crisis of global power." Dad, thanks for joining us this morning. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Morning. 
>> So dr. Brzezinski, I know you're very excited to find that there is a new realist in this race running for president of the united states. His name is mitt romney. He had a decided tact to the center last night. What were your impressions? 
>> Well, my impression overall was that obama came out clearly ahead. Very much so, in fact. But that romney made some points, particularly whenever he veered away from foreign affairs to domestic affairs. He then became himself. During the earlier part, I can only repeat what I heard driving in to your program. You all have said it. He sounded as if he was reciting a briefing and was desperately making sure he remembers all of it. And that wasn't very impressive. But the substance, nonetheless, probably was reassuring to much of the world in the event that he became president because he sounded more moderate than earlier in the campaign. He more or less said that he wouldn't go to war against iran much like obama, as well. They both said, of course, they would consider that option, but they also made it very clear the final option, it's the never-never option in effect. So I think probably netanyahu was very disappointed if he looked at the debate. But clearly in terms of mastery of the subject, a sense of confidence, sense of direction, obama had it last night. 
>> And I think we all agree with you on that point. We havbeen talking, though, for some time during this campaign, dr. Brzezinski about mitt romney has adopted more traditional neo conservative position. Last night, as you said, mitt romney seemed more merate on iran. He seemed more moderate on libya. He seemed much more moderate and much more the realist on nding u.S. Foreign power and doing it more through soft power than hard power. In fact, he sounded at times like he read your book. Was that a surprise to you? 

[01:26:25]


>> A little bit of a surprise, yes. I thought romney would make more of an effort to define himself differently. He didn't. He really was following in the footsteps of obama. And in a way as I said from the foreign policy standpoint, that's reassuring. It sounds like he will have probably like zelic running his foreign policy. I'm sure last night was a disappointment to the neo cons. But in a larger sense in so far as the sense of direction of america is concerned, as america's role in the world is concerned, I think there's no doubt that last night developed more confidence in obama, reinforced confidence in obama, made people more comfortable with his stewardship than romney who seemed rather uncertain in discussing that subject. 
>> Okay. Dr. Brzezinski, tom brokaw is here. He's got a question for senator coons. 
>> We've been talking here about two aspects that impress us both. One was, I thought that governor romney gave us maybe the beginning of a romney doctrine in the middle east when he talked about working with the new governments and trying to find ways of dealing with them th does not involve military confrontation -- 
>> wasn't that fascinating? He started talking about soft power. 
>> We've been talking about that in this country since 9/11 about how we deal with the islamic world and we've not been very effective through two administrations. The governor, at least, introduced the concept of it last night and I think that' important for whoever wins the presidency is how we approach the islamic world given all the turmoil that's going on over there now and will continue for some time. Senator and I were also talking about what was left out last night, including the eurozone and the impact of an economic meltdown on our economy, senator. 

[01:28:26]


>> We did see some growth in governor romney, some movement toward the center. But there's two weeks to the election. Early voting starts here in florida on saturday. And we're not hiring an investment portfolio manager in this election. We're hiring a president. There was only one commander in chief on stage last night. It is too late for governor romney to once again move his positions dramatically and begin as you put it to develop a romney doctrine on the fly, on stage, what was striking was that yet again a completely new governor romney showed up last night. I think both the moderator and the president were trying to hold him accountable for what he has changed. The president has shown leadership in applying soft power, in responding to the arab spring and the uprisings and i think we saw last night the sort of commanding and strong leadership that our president has shown. He's earned a second term in foreign policy. 
>> Mark? 
>> Dr. Brzezinski -- d brzezinski, two questions, are you comfortable with mitt romney as commander in chief? And two, did he say anything last night that would've sent off alarm bells around any capitals around the world? 
>> Not really. Not really. I don't think so. Except for, perhaps, in regards to russia where he didn't responto obama's point. But he did raise one issue, whicsurprised me and the only one to raise it, not only in the course of this debate, but in the course of much of this campaign. He explicitly sai that as part of his soft power approach to the middle east, there would have to be a renewal in the israeli/palestinian peace process. He was the only one to say it and I wonder what was behind it because he didn't elaborate, but we know a peace pcess means major concessions by both sides and not unilateral actions. So I would think that might be of some concern to some of his more right wing supporters in the israeli community. 
>> Tom brokaw's here. Do you have a question for dr. Brzezinski? 

[01:30:27]


>> Yeah, I was very surprised, dr. Brzezinski, that china did not come up until 10:15 last night. Less than ten minutes to discuss china. And obviously there was a kind of chest beating that went on on part of the both of them. We have a new leadership coming up before the end of the month of november. Wouldn't it have been better for both of them saying we're looking forward to finding a new relationship with china? 
>> I think you're absolutely right. I was a little surprised that obama was so hard and basically conveyed a hard message. Romney in contrast conveyed two messages. He made essentially two different statements. The first one was actually very balanced, emphasizing the fact that china does not see itself as an enemy of the united states. That we ought to seek a partnership. And the second one, of course, was a slam at them for doing this and that and undermining our currency and stealing our products. There are two romneys. One very moderate, accommodating, one very hard. Obama was kind of solid/hard. And I think after the election if obama wins, he will hav some reconstruction to do in the relationship with the chinese. If romney wins, he would try to do better with the chinese and you're absolutely right. Once the new chinese leadership is installed, we are to make a very serious effort. To go to them and say to them let's sit down, let's talk about this relationship. Because we face a historic opportunity for the first time ever, two major powers, contenders should not be getting into a war. That is a challenge we both face. And we cannot solve it on our own. We can only solve it together with the chinese. That'll have to happen after the elections. 
>> Senator coons, you know the administration had a good hand in developing the defense sequester opposition with members of congress. 

﻿Title: Morning Joe
Description: Interviews with newsmakers and politicians; host Joe Scarborough.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/26/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

A number of different folks, both parties and houses and the leadership who are talking about what to do going forward. I think it'd be irresponsible for there to not be a legislative leader. That's as much as I can say because I'm not in the room for those conversations. 
>> Dr. Brzezinski, was there any question not asked last night that you think should be central to u.S. Foreign policy moving forward over the next four years? Any discussion that was not had? Or any a answer by either the candidates that concerned you? 
>> I think something was missing. But it isn't exactly the way i should be responding to your questions specifically. I think there was something missing, namely a larger view of the problems the middle east and the fact that the entire region is on the brink of an explosion. I think this is a reality that we haven't been focusing on sufficiently because it's a reality which would not only make our ability to deal with the problems of the middle east infinitely more complex. If iraq explodes into a civil war, if that is linked with the war in syria, if jordan is destabilized, which is actually threatening currently, if lebanon explodes as it is beginning, there's a war on the frontier between turkey and syria, and the kurdish problem erupts, all of that could precipitate then some sort of conflict between the united states and iran. And consequently in turn a massive crisis in the global economy. This is the danger we're facing in the middle east a this is why a cool hand, a steady hand is so essential in dealing with this problem. And this is why I was relieved to hear not only that president obama is rather reticent about the idea of major involvement in the war with iran but that is also the case with romney to h credit. 
>> All right. 
>> Dr. Zbigniew brzezinski, thank you very much. He pulled a joe this morning. 

[00:02:04]


>> What's that? 
>> Woke up 32 minutes later on the air. Impressive. 
>> That's impressive, dr. Brzezinski. 
>> I don't know who was driving. I'm a little nervous. 
>> Mika woke me up. I was stunned. 
>> A little bit of a role reversal. 
>> Mika said that was a role reversal after years of you calling to wake her up. 
>> Thanks, dad, very much. 
>> Senator, thank you so much. 
>> And tom brokaw, thank you. 
>> My pleasure. 
>> Coming up, senator john McCAIN JOINS US ONSET. More "morning joe" live from boca when we return. Card One, Sven's Home Security GETS THE MOST REWARDS Of any small business credit card! How does this thing work? Oh, I like it! 
[ Garth ] SVEN'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS 2% Cash back on every purchase, every day! Woo-hoo!!! So that's ten security gators, right? PUT THEM ON MY Spark Card! Settle for less? Testing hot tar... Great businesses deserve the most rewards! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark Business Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with 2% cash back or double miles on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? Here's your invoice. ] pro. Governor of getting it done. You know how to dance... ! With a deadline. And you...Rent from national. Because only national lets you choose any car in the aisle... And go. You can even take a full-size or above, and still pay the mid-size price. This is awesome. 

[00:04:57]


[ Male Announcer ] YES, IT IS, BUSINESS PRO. Yes, it is. Go national. Go like a pro. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of tires? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. ] 
[ Female Announcer ] SOME People like to pretend a flood could never happen to them. And that their homeowners insurance protects them. 
[ Thunder crashes ] it doesn't. Stop pretending. Only flood insurance covers floods. ??? ??? visit floodsmart.Gov/pretend to learn your risk. tell is? Every room deserves to look great. And every footstep should tell us we made the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, softest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all special order carpet. 
>>> Welcome back to racks here in boca raton, coming up, SENATOR john McCain. Senator, what's your thumbnail review of last night's debate? 

[00:06:59]


>> Mitt romney did what he needed to do to show the american people he is perfectly capable of being commander in chief. And I think the president played way too much small ball. 
>> We're going to hear much more FROM senator McCain out on the campaign trail every day for the next two weeks as we head up to the election day. "Morning joe's" coming right back to racks in boca raton, florida. humanapp up pp to bring you a low-priced medicarerr prescription drug plan. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. 

[00:10:46]


>>> He demonstted an overwhelming lack of understanding in the international community. He demonstrated a lack of understanding in the military. And I was amazed that even as just a couple of weeks ago when I debated congressman ryan, congressman ryan was laying out the foreign policy with regard to what he and what governor romney believed the overwhelming criticism of our positions in syria, iraq, iran, across the board and tonight governor romney seemed to be rushing to agree with everything the president had done. Didn't address any breath of understanding and it was a little bit, quite frankly, surprising. 
>> Welcome back to "morning joe." 
>> I think it's a good sign whenever the next morning you have your opponents by your position the night before. 
>> I think you should read politico, it takes it a step further. 
>> Very good to have you with us this morning. 
>> Thank you. Thanks for having me on. 
>> Senator, we've been saying to most of the people on the set this morning have been saying that mitt romney did not seem to have as much control on the conversation. Didn't have the control. How did you think governor romney did? 
>> I thought he did very well. His task was to show the american people that he's perfectly capable of assuming responsibilities of commander in chief. I think frankly I don't understand why the president seems to want to take these kind of cheap shots, bayonets and horses, what's that all about? When I debated then senator obama, I didn't criticize or belittle his lack of experience on national security issues, and he seemed to take these cheap shots. THATst NOT PRESIDENTIAL. And frankly, I kind of resent it because I think mitt romney has had a lot of experience and a lot of knowledge and background on these issues, and to say everything's fine in iraq, of course, was one of the gre leaps of the imagination. Iraq is going to hell in a hand basket, al qaeda has doubled their presence there. There are al qaeda training camps in western iraq. And of course, with syria to say that things are going just fine after 30,000 people have been massacred, and we basically stood by and watched and watched what arms do flow in go to the wrong people, you know, it's just -- I got to hand it to the president to say things that in my view defreality. And there's an article this morning about afghanistan and the way that everybody believes we're leaving. So therefore things are deteriorating. And unfortunately, general keene who was the architect of the surge was right about the surge which obama said would never work. And he's right about what's happening there now. 

[00:13:58]


>> So, senator, you bring u afghanistan. There's one example of where mitt romney seemed to move more to the center. He agreed that 2014 should be the last year that u.S. Troops were there. Didn't even talk about a residual force. He appeared to be more moderate on iran, he appeared to be more moderate on syria. Were you concerned as one of the two or three strongest voices in the senate for a much tougher u.S. Foreign policy? Were you concerned that governor romney did seem to tack to the center last night? 
>> Well, first of all, my views on how we should behave, i think, goes back to ronald reagan and peace through strength. I think that anybody who believes that our handling of the situation in syria by just staying hands off doesn't really -- isn't too concerned about the 30,000 people being massacred by not leaving the residual force in iraq, which by the way they tried to do. And the president said that they didn't. And they did. Because I was part of that effort to try and help them. I see richard haass there nodding his head, so he basically said something fundamentally false. So I guess these things happen in debates. I think that mitt romney's job. You know, the big gap right now is with women for -- as far as the romney campaign is concerned. I think he helped himself with that vote by showing that he had a centrist approach. That he is not going to get us -- we also know that americans are war weary. And the 2014 date he should've stuck to. But he also, I think the reality is that he is the president has overruled his military advisers on several occasions as to withdrawal dates and numbers of troops. And that has put us in a very precarious position. 
>> Willie? 
>> Do you think governor romney's lack of experience of foreign policy should be a concern to the voters? It was a center piece of your campaign four years ago that barack obama was not qualified to be commander in chief. Mitt romney was a gove mitt romney was governor of the state, a businessman. Why does he have more bravtase, if you want to call it, more foreign experience than president obama did four years ago? 

[00:16:18]


>> If you think about it, I was exactly right on president obama. When I look at the world today compared to four years ago, our position has dramatically deteriorated. Mitt romney has traveled around the world, has business interests, has very close relationship with the prime minister of israel, which is going to be very important as we approach this iranian crisis, which is looming. I think he's perfectly qualified. Again, I might are said that -- and I did say that I diplomat think that barack obama had experience on foreign policy. I didn't take any cheap shots at him. Those were cheap shots he took at mitt romney last night. I think you should treat your opponent with some respect, especially if you're the president of the united states. He certainly didn't. He was small balling. Same thing he did in the first debate. Didn't work in this debate. 
>> President obama was talking about extremism in the middle east was a real problem, that we can't kill our way out of this mess. What do you think we should do to try to roll back this tide of extremism? You've seen throughout the region political islam, if you will, is a dominant force. We're seeing it in egypt, going on in syria. What do you think the united states can and should do to push back? >Of all, you and I both know radicalism lamb is on the rise throughout the middle east. As can't just kill people with drones. Have you to have a democrat policy where it's most effective. If we paid more attention to libya after gadhafi. In fact, joe lieberman, lindsey graham and I wrote a piece in "the wall street journal," helping them with their borders, helping them with democracy, all of those things, there's many aspects of beating back radical islam. One is showing a commitment for the things we stand for and believe in. That's one reason the arab world watches us sit, and watches assad continue to massacre his own citizens. 

[00:18:33]


>> That seems to me to say that in a lot of these places we should have residual forces, in afghanistan you supported one, in iraq. Is that a sense in libya we should have had a presence? 
>> I think in libya the presence should have been ways of building democracy, and helping them secure their border, training, but not a military presence in libya. I really believe that if -- you know, look, the famous story, taliban prisoner, american integrator. The taliban prisoner says, you've got the watch, we've got the time. That's the view in the middle east if united states is going to stay or not. We have committed to a strategic partnership with karzai. As you know. Why weren't we discussing that? Because there's a lot of work that still needs to be done in afghanistan, particularly as far as -- well, rights of women, democracy, fundamentals that need to be -- they need assistance with. It's not happening. I'm afraid it's not going to happen. 
>> All right. You know, by the way, richard, quickly before we go, I thought the president's response last night on the issue of resill yad forces in iraq, it was fascinating. As we said before, the president wanted residual forces but he was pushed back. 
>> We didn't insist on it and now we're seeing iraq has become the biggest facilitator of the syrian people. 
>> And the president did want residual forces, right, going into those negotiations? 
>> In fact, he asked the help of me and joe lieberman and me and lindsey graham. We tried to help. It's sad to see him make a statement which obviously contradicted his actions. But it's probably not the first time in the debate. 
>> SENATOR john McCain, thank you for being with us. By the way, say hi to my friends and family in pensacola, florida. The senator going out to pensacola, florida, again. 

[00:20:41]


>> Again. 
>> Still ahead -- 
>> thank you so much. 
>> "Time" magazine's joe klein joins us on the set. ] aflac to provide a better benefits package... Oahhh! 
[ Male Announcer ] IT MADE A BIG SPLASH WITH The employees. 
[ Duck yelling ] 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. ?????? ?????? ha ha! me insulin with a vial and syringe. Me, explaining what I was doing at breakfast. And me discovering NovoLog Mix 70/30 FlexPen. FlexPen is pre-filled with your pre-mix insulin. Dial the exact dose. Inject by pushing a button. No vials, syringes or coolers to carry. FlexPen is insulin delivery my way. NovoLog Mix 70/30 is an insulin used to control high blood sugar in adults with diabetes. Do not inject if you do not plan to eat within 15 minutes to avoid low blood sugar. Tell your healthcare provider about all medicines you take and all of your medical conditions, including if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Most common side effects include reactions at the injection site, weight gain, swelling of your hands and feet, and vision changes. Other serious side effects include low blood sugar and low potassium in your blood. Get medical help right away if you experience serious allergic reactions, body rash, trouble with breathing, fast heartbeat, sweating, or if you feel faint. I would have started FlexPen sooner, but I thought it would cost more. Turns out it's covered by my insurance plan. Thanks to FlexPen, vial and syringe are just a memory. Ask your doctor about NovoLog Mix 70/30 FlexPen, covered by 90% of insurance plans, including Medicare. Find your co-pay at MyFlexPen.com. 

[00:24:41]


>>> Welcome back inside racks here in boca raton. Beau biden will join the conversation, nbc's chuck todd and david gregory. We're coming right back to boca raton. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] IT STARTED LONG AGO. The joy of giving something everything you've got. It takes passion. And it's not letting up anytime soon. AT UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, We understand that commitment. And always have. So does aarp, an organization serving the needs of americans 50 and over for generations. So it's no surprise millions have chosen AN AARP Medicare Supplement surance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. Like all standardized medicare supplement plans, they help cover some of the expenses medicare doesn't pay. And save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs. To find out more, request your free decision guide. Call or go online today. After all, when you're going the distance, it's nice to have the experience and commitment to go along with you. Keep dreaming. Keep doing. Go long. be future. How they'll live tomorrow. For more than 116 years, ameriprise financial has worked for their clients' futures. Helping millions of americans retire on their terms. When they want. Where they want. Doing what they want. Ameriprise. The strength of a leader in retirement planning. The heart of 10,000 advisors working with you one-to-one. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? 

[00:28:35]


>>> governor romney has taken a diffent approach throughout this campaign. Both at home and abroad, he has proposed wrong and reckless policies. He's praised george bush as a good economic steward and dick cheney as someone who shows great wisdom and judgment. And taking us back to those kind of strategies that got us in this mess is not the way we're going to maintain leadership in the 21st century. 
>> I don't concur with what the president said about my own record and the things I said. They don't happen to be accurate. But I can say this, that we're talking about the middle east and how to help the middle east reject the kind of terrorism we're seeing and the rising tied of tumult and confusion. Attacking me is not an agenda. Talking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there and stem the tide of this violence. 
>>> Welcome back to "morning joe." We're live from racks downtown eater and tavern in mizmer park in boca raton. Mike heilemann is with me and joining the table isl harper. Hi, harper. I like your red shoes. Who do you think should be president, harper? 
>> Obama. 
>> Exactly. 
>> There you go, haper. Love you, baby, but sit right there. 
>> She's my girl. 
>> We have chief correspondent, political director and host of "the daily rundown," chuck todd, also with us from the moderator of "meet the press" david gregory and t attorney general of delaware, beau biden. Thank you for being with us. Chuck, let's go to the site of the debate last night. Any question of whether mitt romney accomplished what he wanted to accomplish, despite the fact most of us believe he lost on points last night, was probably made evident in our interview with dr. Brzezinski, who said he was confident that romney struck a more rod rat tone, less of a neocon and more of a shift. My question is, why didn't they make this shift at the convention, like most candidates do? 

[00:31:00]


>> Reporter: That's the thing. You know, could come across as overly cynical, if you will, about the electoral in variety moments. Look, mitt romney struck me as someone that was trying to pass a class rather than ace a class. We could go through -- I mean, they didn't to want do anything more than they had to do on this front. That's what was surprising to me. I mean, about the only time mittit romney took bait from the president, and the president came out -- body language, if you look at this big picture and didn't give me any polling data, I would say candidate obama is acting like the guy behind and mitt romney acts like the guy who's ahead, in the way they approach this debate. 
>> A sitting president, chuck, that was correcting and going after the challenger time and time again. You're exactly right. Fy didn't know any better, i would guess the guy jab be romney every time was down five points in the poll. Why did they do that last night? Why did team obama decide to be so aggressive? 
>> Reporter: Look, I've said this and they've pushed back saying, we weren't behind. In is how you have to debate mitt romney. We just weren't going to make the same mistake we didid in the first debate, is what team obama said. john McCain said it in the segment before, when you hear the phrase, well, he did what he had to do, that is code for, he didn't win the debate. But we don't think we got blown out, ri that that is what they're trying to say. Look, I think it's aually risky when you play that risk -- it's risky to be risk-averse. Especially when you're on a subject matter that isn't your strong suit and last night it came across at times it wasn't your strong suit. 

[00:33:03]


>> No doubt. He seemed to be on the defensive. He seemed to be uncomfortable, david gregory. They switched over to dough 
-- domestic policy and mitt romney became the domestic policy of denv. Why would some say mitt romney is up in the national polls, up in ohio. Why de feel the need to attack mitt romney on every single question? Was that personal or was that political? 
>> I think it's political to this extent, joe. I thin he saw an opening last night with the romney who showed up. More of a realist, like you said. More pragmatic. Wanting in some ways to distance himself without saying the name bush foreign policy, foreign domestic policy, don't want another iraq, don't want another iran, don't want to go to war in syria. We talk about security moms in 2004, we know about the gender gap. Mitt romney wanted to sound big, sound smart on these issues but wanted to hav much of a cool temperament he can have because we know in foreign policy that's an attribute president obama has. Oh, by the way, he is commander in chief, a huge advantage. I think president obama saw an opening to say, this is the worst of governor romney. He will really say whatever he has to say to close the deal. The guy who was out,there sabre rattling, talk of loose war with iran. I think back to the apac speech governor romney talked about moving naval as spem spekts into the persian gulf to counter iran. That guy is not measuring up on character. I think this is the president's argument. I think that's why he went after him so hard and I feel like the president is trying to do something to stem this momentum moving romney's way. 
>> Look, I think it was strategic, joe. I think this is a first time a lot of people are seeing mitt romney's foreign policy points of view and the president made a point of reminding people that his points of view have been evolving again and again and again. And riddled with gaffes. I don't think hs attacking because he was nervous. 

[00:35:18]


>> You don't believe he can evolve? 
>> Oh, I believe a lot of men can evolve, oh, yes. 
>> Are you talking about us? I'm olving. >> ut I do think -- 
>> chuck? 
>> I'm sorry, it's david. I do think what's significant, whether it's overly cynical, real evolution or as you suggest, attacking to the center, the reality is all kam campaigns are a little more on foreign policy and then channeled into a way of saying, look, there are v difficult challenges we face, particularly in the middle east, that require sobeand pragmatic leadership. I think romney wanted when push came to shove not to sabre rattle but to say I'm going to approach this in a very responsible way. Because I think right now this overall question of leadership is important. To the extent we may have moved into a new phase in a change election, you know, he's still, a, fighting disqualification and, b, wants to say, look, I am an acceptable alternative who can bring change on the economy but who will have some level of continuity when it comes to how we approach the world. 
>> Attorney general biden, what do you think is the effect after three debates? There were a couple weeks where it looked like it was slipping away from mitt romney. He brought it back with his performance in the first debate. Where are we now with all three in the books? 
>> Running for president of the united states is earning the trust of the people in this room, this state, this nation. Governor romney said anything to get elected at any point. When he ran against ted kennedy, he took the stage and tried to be more progressive than ted kennedy. People on stage know this. He's not competing in his own state. He's a good father, husband, no doubt. But he had no quick, no sense of purpose, no clarity on a fundamental issue our day. We've been at war for ten years. Our longest war. We talk about it all the time. Thank you for doing it. He's willing to say anything about anything at any time to close the deal. This is not a sales pitch. This is running for president of the united states. 

[00:37:33]


>> You don't believe he wants the troops out in 2014? 
>> I believe he wants to say whatever it takes to get him elected. That's not a president. That's not a commander in chief. On to afghanistan, he said up until last night, it depends. It depends. It depends on iraq. He said it was a tragic mistake to take our troops out of iraq. That's what he said the entire campaign. He took the stage and tried to be more conservative. He's the only person I've seen that's taken two stages and tried to be more progressive than ted kennedy 20 years ago and more right wing than newt beginning rich. Running forsident is about earning the trust of the republicans, democrats, independents in this state and ohio. People want a person with conviction, say what they mean, mean what they say. He serves what is expedient at the moment. >>, So what's your sense given back -- 
>> by the way, we have a lot of 
-- 
>> there's some republicans here. I saw the reaction to john McCABE. 
>> They're in the kitchen i think right now. 
>> Washing the dishes. 
>> Yeah. 
>> What's your sense, given some exchanges we've seen this morning and witnessed last night during the debate, the back and forth between the governor and the president? Can you place it in the context of the president of the united states is commander in chief, your father is vice president of the united states, long-standing member. Of foreign relations committee. In the context of who they are, governor romney the challenger, how much is personal in the sense that the president is the guy thinking, you know, I get up at 3:00 in the morning when I'm called. I see these intel reports. This guy has seen some of them. I can't -- what's the deal? What's going on between the two of us? 
>> I don't think it's personal. 
>> You don't? 
>> No. This is personal. This our nation's longest war. Good guys. Least take on foreign policy in my lifetime. Both have zero in foreign politics, zero. Who are their advisers? Their advisers are the people joe rails against. The people that have gotten us in the problems in the last decade. John bolton probe wonders what the hell is going on. He disavowed everything he's been talking about for the last 14 months. It's remarkable. Now, the american people, citizens of ohio, they know authenticity. They know what conviction is. They know purpose. That's what you saw last night. You saw governor romney play the type and as a person willing to say anything that is expedient for the moment. 

[00:40:17]


>> John heilemann, what do you think? 
>> I just think there's -- this doesn't seem that confusing to me. I'm with mika angeneral biden here. You know, joe, you're totally right. Candidates from both parties go to their extremes and then gradually drift back to the center over the course of campaigns. Governor romney has done -- is audacious what he's done in the last month. The switch -- the audacity of etch. 
>> Flip-flopping. 
>> We rightly criticize president obama for not nailing him on that and being more aggressive and being more confrontational, and hold his feet to the fire in denver. That was a large part of hi failing. He failed on multiple levels but he failed at that. It doesn't sprise me in this debate he's now trying to make that argument and say, wait a second, this is -- you know, you can't just in the last month become a totally new mitt romney without someone calling you on that. I guess the question for chuck is, chuck, do you think it's too late? I mean, is this a strategy that mitt romney can actually pull off? Because we've never seen anybody try to do -- attack to the center this fast on so many things this late in an election. Can president obama impose a price on mitt romney for that? Can he hold his feet to the fire d actually win that argument or is it possible that the awe audacity of etch will work? 
>> The problem is the first debate, what you brought up, the president didn't call him on it, didn't try to push back, didn't try to have a debate and said, wait a minute and has been trying to make up the ground since. You say, how do you call it on him nowhin the last two weeks? Look, the president's got bigger problems than trying to disqualify mitt romney now. The president has to requalify himself for a second term. I think they've made that decision. I think that's why you see the closing argument style of advertising that they have, that's being unveiled today. It's obama candidate. You look at the president's closing statement last night. I think they now realize that they don't have -- two weeks is not enough time to have the conversation with voters that they want to have. He missed his opportunity. He blew it in that first debate. If the president tactically if they lose this electric, tactically, the biggest mistake will be the president's performance in that first debate because it gave him the room to do that. If romney loses, by the way, we'll say tactically it will go to joe's first point to me which is, if he was going to move to the center, why didn't he do it at the more traditional time, at the convention and use his convention to do it rather than wait until the last minute? He was playing with fire there. 

[00:43:08]


>> I mean, I think we all around this panel would agree, if obama had done well the first debate, this election would have been over. I think we also probably agree if-m romney attacked to the center at the convention, he might find himself u considerably, even in states like ohio. Mike, I make no apologies whatsoever for mitt romney's flip-flopping. In fact, I've been very critical of it over the past year. You live in massachusetts. It would be one thing if you had an extreme candidate trying to paint himself as a moderate in the final stretch. Here you have mitt romney who i never believed was a conservative. Never believed was a neocon. Never believed was idealog he claimed to be. Attacking to the center. Seriously, does anyone believe this guy was goi to be an idealog like george bush? I never believed that. 
>> People in massachusetts would say, a, he was moderate as a governor. B, yeah, he would attack to the right to get the nomination. David, general biden just indicated he didn't think it was personal between these two candidates and yet there are many observers, and if you look at the three debates, and last night's debate being the most specific, do you think it's personal between the two candidates? Was that evidenced last night because last night they weren't talking about hoto move the dow jones up or down. They were talking about life and death. People die in wars. Do you think that drew the president out a bit more? 
>> Yeah, I do, actually. I think some of the president's language, some of his tone, talking about, you know, we have these things -- you know, these carriers where you can land airplanes on top of now. I think there was some snashg in the government's tone. I think it becomes that way in the thrust of these presidential campaigns. I agree with the attorney general there. I don't think in the end what matters. I think what supercedes these is how important these final arguments are in the battle to the finish. And I think what chuck said before is really important is that with just a couple weeks to go, the president has a number of things to worry about, including what he wants to try to do today, which is to try to make another pitch to voters about why he deserves another four years. I don't think he's done trying to disqualify. I think there's still going to be a big part of this, and you heard it from attorney general biden this morning, which is you can't trust this. You can't trust governor romney to be an alternative here. Even if they can just knock that back a little bit in terms of the gains that romney has made, I think that they feel there's some real advantage in that. 

[00:45:57]


>> All right, david gregory, thank you. Beau biden, final thoughts as we head into the final two weeks of the campaign, looking after last night, looking ahead now to the messages on both sides. 
>> Look, we're going to be working our tail off to earn voters. My dad is out in ohio with the president, and I'm out there, working hard, working hard. 
>> Beau biden, thank you. 
>> How do you feel? 
>> I feel great. 
>> Looks good. 
>> I love that tie. So, chuck todd, we've got to go break. Why don't you give us your final thoughts. We are in the home stretch here. 
>> Reporter: We move the msnbc battleground map, we shrunk it to seven tossups, put nevada with obama, north carolina in romney. It's the sprint to seven. Right now the three midwestern states we've talked about, that's -- I guess say that's where this battle is. That's where this is. That's where mitt romney wins or loses and that's where the president holds romney off. Colora, florida, new hampshire, va vashgs they're all very close, but I think it's the midwestern belt that's going to tell us the story of this election. 
>> Chuck, we'll see you shortly on "the daily rundown." Harper, you were so od, but when you spoke, she yawned. She yawned. 
>> Well, you know what, harper -- 
>> isn't he boring? 
>> Speaking from experience -- harper, that's such a great southern name, harper. 
>> I can ask you a final question? Who do you agree with, joe or mika? 
>> Mika. 
>> Mika. 
>> Good girl. 
>> She's a smart girl as well. So, hey, chuck, thank you so much. I do think this race comes down -- I mean, it's an oversimplification, but if mitt romney can't win ohio, he can't win. If president obama loses ohio, all bets are off. It all comes down to where your dad's going to be for three days. All right. 

[00:48:07]


>> Still ahead, presidential historian and author of the book "team of rivals" doris kearns goodwin. 
>> We'll be talking about yankees. 
>> Yes. Rob portman and "time" magazine political columnist tom klein but back to bill for a check on the forecast. 
>> Good morning. Two weeks away from the election. A little too early to talk about the forecast and how it will affect voter turnout. About a week from today we could be dealing with sandy along the east coast. A tropical storm that formed yesterday. Now heading for jamaica and areas of cuba. This storm should be over the top of jamaica in 48 hours from now and heading up to the ba ham months as a hurricane. It will probably be a big beast of a storm, off the east coast, about a week from today. The question is, will it get sucked up into new england or will it stay just off the coast, grazing the area? That's the multimillion dollar question. If it heads for new england, there's the possibility it could be a big and serious storm. Let's hope it stays out to sea. Forecast throughout the day, a lot of rain and showers from the great lakes to chicago and also showers heading for new york city. Florida, you're looking great today. Sunshine, as usual. What a beautif scene at racks down in boca. We'll return coming up on "morning joe" brewed by starbucks. humanapp up pp to bring you a low-priced medicarerr prescription drug plan. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. finger ready. Why? Because I'm gonna make the call to switch to a new medicare prescription drug plan. 

[00:51:42]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO SAY Hello toavings... Hello to value... HELLO TO A Part D PLAN That's there for you, choose an aarp MedicareRx Plan FROM UnitedHealthcare. Open enrollment ends december 7th. So calnow. ASK ABOUT THE LOWEST Part D PREMIUM IN THE U.S., PLUS THE NEW Preferred Pharmacy Network, Where you can get copays for as low as $1. Prescriptions for a buck? A buck won't even get you a cup of coffee these days. 
[ Male Announcer ] UnitedHealthcare IS HERE For you, so call for your free information kit, or to enroll. Say hello to no deductible, THE Preferred Pharmacy Network AND MUCH MORE. 
Remember: The time to switch ends december 7th. Call today. I am so ready to call. 
>>> Political columnist and presidential historian, boca, doris kearns. 
>> Great to have you. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Let's start with the yankees only because we've been suffering so long this year, doris, but we'll do that later and talk about the debate first. 
>> Thanks. 
>> Mika, one of my favorite harry truman stories when he gets off the train and the guy yells at him for five minute. Truman says, we'll mark him down as undecided. Joe klein, undecided. 
>> How are you going to make up your mind? Third debate, president obama won foreign policy debate, clnly and decisively, on both style and substance. It was a a clear a victory as mittomney's in the first debate and mitt romney lost in similar fashion. He seemed nervous, scattered, unconvincing and practiced unilateral disarmament, agreeing with obama hither and yon on iraq as opposed to two weeks ago, on afghanistan as opposed to interviews he's given this fall, onibya and syria and iran. He didn't have a creative, elegantly stated foreign policy thought and indeed seemed foolish at times using the word peace about as often as george McGOVERN IN 1972, NOT THAT McGOVERN WAS FOOLISH BUT ROMNEY Has run so hot and aggressive on foreign policy seemed to sudden convert to yokeco ono. >Did we get any view as to what kind of a poern foefl romney-m would be? What kind of a president would he be? 

[00:54:59]


>> We have absolutely no way of knowing. Although if I'm a neoconservative, I'm pulling my hair out this morning. 
>> By the way, john bolton shaved his mustache. 
>> Right. 
>> This is terrible. 
>> You know, I've lived these issues for the last ten years. I've spent time out in the field with the troops. At a certain point, substance matters. What happened -- what romney did last night was outrageous, after what he had done all year. He had been playing politics foolishly aggressive on a whole bunch of issues all year. And then last night he said, never mind. 
>> What was most outrageous? When you say he was outrageous, what was -- 
>> listen, he didn't answer the first question on libya after attacking the president for the last three weeks, he digit have a thing to say about that. All year he's been saying the president threw israel under the bus and misstating the president's peace talks. I mean, on issue after issue after issue. He didn't know the world. He said syria was iran's path to the sea as if the persian gulf didn't exist. You know, you didn't even know -- he completely whiffed on veterans issues, which is something that is very close to my heart. He said we have to bring the soldiers back when anybody that knows the military knows you use the term troops or forces because soldiers refer to the army not the marines. Marines refer to the marines. On issue after issue, moment after moment -- 
>> joe klein we put you down as undecided. 
>> It's all right. You've got two weeks. 
>> Happily so on this one. 
>> Undecided. Doris kearns goodwin, richard haas, dr. Brzezinski, myself, mitt romney primary republican neocon was more mitt the moderate from massachusetts last night. 

[00:57:05]


>> I think clearly this strategic decision the romney campaign made is that after he crossed the threshold as a credible alternative in that first debate, he had to do everything in the world not to go back across that door on the opposite side. So he agreed time and again last night with obama. I think where obama was able to push back is when he kept talking about the kind of clarity that's needed for decision making when you had commander in chief. Time and again he said if you are in that room, have you to understand the strategy, not the politics. What was interesting about the tone of the debate, focus g got upset when obama said, that was a big whopper. In the old days they u to be able to say, teddy roosevelt just said, you just lied, awickedly lied, and lincoln was able to say to douglas, I don't know what to call you except you're a liar. We've gotten more wimpy about what is an attack. I think it was important for barack obama to push back, air brushing history, that's not what you said, and showed his strength. But I still think romney accomplished not falling back, he didn't stumble, not making that mistake we're all talking about. This election will depend on what chuck said earlier, who's going to make the better case for who will take us through the next four years better. And obama's closing statement was the best he's had on that. The campaign has to have the pamphlet out in everybody's hands and romney has to make a credible argument, what am i going to do in the noection four years? Who's better economically and world. 
>> Wow. Doris, to condense what you just said, you're from the school of thought that mitt romney went into that debate last night with one bullet point to achieve, don't frighten anyone. 
>> Exactly. That's what he said over and over again. I agree with you, mr. Obama. Yes, you're right on this. Because people like mostly what obama has done on foreign policy and to the extent romney was way on the other side in those debates during the nomination, people were afraid he might be could reckless. I think to the extent he twinned himself with obama last night, it may have made him not look strong last night but it was their strategic goal. You could see he had that in his head. He must have had all those lines down. Yes, I agree. I like technology. I like this. And I think it was probably smart, even though it made him lose that debate last night. 

[00:59:32]


>> It may seem craven but i think don't frighten anybody was first but the bigger subtext last night, women, women, women. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Good ol' women. We're becoming the most important thing. 
>> You know, helly reddy was right in 1972. I wish I would have listened to her. 
>> And ohio -- 
>> it's sad nobody gets that reference. 
>> Romney back to high. That was trying to fix that problem for him in ohio. Bob schieffer asked a question last night about the administration's drone policy. Governor ry basically said, I'm for it. President obama never had to talk about it. It seems like it continues to be a huge question about -- this policy to me still is -- really deserves more scrutiny and public debalt. 
>> Oh, my god, yeah. 
>> The droens, we kill from the sky the way we do, we kill without any due process the way we do, using the drones. I'm not taking a position on it but it's not been -- over the course of the last four years it's a key part of the obama administration -- 
>> let me take a position on it. What we're doing with drones is remarkable. The fact that over the past eight years -- over george w. Bush's eight years, when a lot of people brought up legitimate questions regarding international law, my god, those lines have been completely eradicated by a drone policy that says if you're between 17 and 30 and within half a mile of a suspect, we can blow b you up. That's exactly what's happening. 
>> Hey, joe -- 
>> trust me I know. You talk to people in the cia, you talk to people running this drone program, they're focused on killing the bad guys but it is indiscriminate as to the other people that are around them who are killed at the same time. And the fact that neither party want to talk about this, i think, is something that's going to cause us problems in the coming years. 

[01:01:45]


>> I have to disagree you. 
>> Then you don't know what's going on. I rarely s that. You need to talk to people that are running this program. 
>> Actually -- I actually -- 
>> I prefer he didn't because i like doing this. Go ahead. 
>> We'll mark it down as undecided on that one. 
>> Exactly. 
>> I actually have talked to people who have been involved in it and it's been remarkably successful. 
>> At killing people, yes, it has. 
>> As decimating bad people, taking out bad people. 
>> And taking out innocent people as well. 
>> And saving american lives in the process because our troops didn't have to go and do this. Let's take this out into the future. When romney talks about adding $2 trillion to the defense budget, he's not taking into account things like drone technology. Sooner or later, within 15 years, the entire air force could be drone-driven. You don't need pilots anymore because do you it with a joystick in california. 
>> This is offensive to me. You do it with a joystick in california and it seems so antiseptic, it seems so clean, and yet you've got 4-year-old girls being blown to bits because we have a policy that now says, you know what, instead of going in, take the risk to get the terrorists out of karachi suburb, you blow up everybody around them. This is what bothers me. The fact there was such -- there was weeping and gnashing of teeth for eight years over our antiterror policy. We would go in, grab the bad guy, take him to a site, interrogate them, this one person, get information from them, we would build a case, figure out where the next terror attack was coming from. That is over. Those days have -- we don't -- we don't -- we kill them and everybody around them. That's hypocrisy if we don't face that. Nobody wants to talk about it because they want to be tougher on how many bad guys we can kill. 

[01:03:53]


>> First of all, we've never gone into karachi or a big city like that. 
>> Wre was ksm apprehended. 
>> In karachi but we never sent drones. 
>> Of course we did. 
>> Listen -- if you know what you're clapping about, that would make it better for everybody else here. That was my point. We would send people into karachi to get ksm to pull him out. Now we're indiscriminantly launching drones. Listen, I hate to sound like a code pink guy here. I'm telling you, this is causing this, quote, collateral damage, with a joystick from california, this is going to cause problems in the future. 
>> If it's misused and a major possibility of misuse if you have the wrong people running the government. But the bottom line in the end is, whose 4-year-old gets killed? What we're doing is limiting -- 
>> does that matter? 
>> -- Limiting the possibility that 4-year-olds here are going to get killed by indiscriminate acts of terror. 
>> Listen, not if you don't have another way to go in. And apprehend these terrorists. 
>> No, we're going to do that, too. 
>> No, we're not. 
>> Yes, we are. Special forces and drones. 
>> It troubles me to be on joe scarborough's side in any debate but, secondly, you sound like you're at yoko ono's concert right now. 
>> It's troubling the indiscriminate killing. 
>> I agree with you. 
>> It's one of philosophy. So much was raised in terms of people opposed to torture, rightly so. Americans shouldn't be torturing people. Yet, there's minimal discussion, and, by the way, I don't want to be that corrective, but it's in missouri that they have the joysticks, not california. But there's been minimal discussion about the impact of the drone attacks. 
>> Regionwide -- 
>> I'm all for it, I'm all for it. I would rather kill them than have them kim us but there is eventual blow-back. Doris, we'll are to have you back. Ist a fascinating conversation. 

[01:06:04]


>> It's an important conversation that we just haven't had as a country. 
>> We should talk about it more because we have barely just begun. 
>> I wish we would have hit it more in the debate. 
>> I agree. 
>> Joe klein stick around, if you can. 
>> We have rob portman here and we have to figure out how to get him in. 
>> We'll be right back. ???????????? her everything. ] three words dad, e-trade financial consultants. They'll hook you up with a solid plan. Wa-- wa-- wait a minute; bobby? Bobby! What are you doing man? I'm speed dating! 

[01:11:07]


[ Male Announcer ] GET INVESTING ADVICE For your family at e-trade. ?????? I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! Mom, are those my jeans? 
[ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME FOR MEDICARE Open enrollment. Are you ready? Time to compare plans and see what's new. You don't have to make changes, but it's good to look. Maybe you can find better coverage, save money, or both. And check out the preventive benefits you get after the health care law. ?????? ?????? medicare open enrollment. Now's the time. Visit medicare.Gov or call 1-800-medicare. ?????? ?????? ???????????? 

[01:13:47]


>>> with us now, mitt romney's debate partner, senator rob portman. What was your reaction of last night? 
>> I thought it was a great debate for mitt romney. He showed he's knowledgeable and reassuring and ready to be commander in chief. That was the bar for him. And you talked about the drone issue and your views on it, joe, he did say I support going after osama bin laden, going after the worst actors with drones. That's not efficient. We need to deal with this issue of violent extremism spreading around the middle east and he said we need to get at the underlying issue. What mika's dad said, formerly known as dr.Rzezinski. 
>> Joe klein? 
>> You're from ohio. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Could you tell us why -- 
>> very observe anlt. 
>> That's why they pay me the medium size bucks. 
>> But could you tell us why ohio has been such a heavy lift in this election? Classically a conservative state. Why is mitt romney having such a problem here? 
>> Barack ama won this state five years ago by figo points. Last year democrats had a pretty good year last year with union issue, kept organizers on the ground. We had a tough primary. President didn't. Democrats got a head start on us. What's happened in the last few weeks is amazing, going from five to six points down in ohio to being dead even. Momentum is great. I've never seen as much enthusiasm on the ground. We made three times more phone calls, 25 times more door knocks than in 2008. I think momentum is on our side right now. 
>> But you still have to deal with the fact that most people in ohio, you've spent more time there, and you have chevy being built there. 

[01:16:03]


>> We're happy in ohio, the auto industry is making a comeback. Ohio voters will be surprised when it was barack obama that took him through bankruptcy because ads say mitt romney wanted to take the auto companies through bankruptcy. That's what barack obama did. As mitt romney said there should be federal guarantees, federal involvement. There will be hypocrisy when people find out what's going on. 
>> Mike barnacle. 
>> Back to last night, specifically with afghanistan, 17 years, 6 months, median age. You say there's a lot more in governor romney's policy binder than just drones. 
>> You got binder in there. 
>> Yeah, is big bird coming, that's my question? 
>> The question is why? Why? Can we change afghanistan? 
>> He was good in afghanistan pointing out pakistan plays such a huge role going forward and what happens in afghanistan, that's why we can't take our identify off the ball in afghanistan. What he said wasn't just in relation to afghanistan but the entire middle east. We've seen this in north africa. We saw this in benghazi as an example. There is chaos. There is spreading extremism. So, we need a strategy to deal with the underlying problem. Not just drone attacks. We need to do more. As you said, you can't show your way out of this. Have you to deal with these issues. If we don't, our national security will continue to be threatened. That is the broader point. Again, dr. Brzezinski, mika's dad, made that point earlier. 
>> Thank you senator rob portman. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THIS IS KAREN AND JEREMIAH. They don't know it yet, but they're gonna fall in love, get married, have a couple of kids, 
[ children laughing ] MOVE TO THE COUNTRY, And live a long, happy life together where they almost never fight about money. 
[ dog barks ] BECAUSE RIGHT AFTER THEY GET Married, they'll find some retirement people who are paid on salary, not commission. They'll get straightforward guidance and be able to focus on other things, like each other, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. business stay top of mind with customers? From deals that bring them in with an offer... To social media promotions that turn fans into customers... To events that engage and create buzz... To e-mails that keep loyal customers coming back, our easy-to-use tools will keep you in front of your customers. See what's right for you at ConstantContact.com/Try. ] hospital wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 

[01:19:40]


[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] 000000000000000000000000000000000 ?????? everyone everyone everyone everyone ?????? ?????? everyone everyone everyone everyone ?????? ???????????? 

[01:21:58]


>>> here's your business travel forecast. I'm meteorologist bill karins. Airports today, not too bad. We'll see a few possible delays. Chicago, st. Louis, the morning hours and light rain drifting across new york state could impact areas of new england late today into this evening. The forecast for today, anywhere in the southern half of the country looks great. The pacific northwest remains stormy and cloudy. humanapp up pp to bring you a low-priced medicarerr prescription drug plan. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. 

[01:25:25]


>>> Welcome back to "morning joe." It's time to talk about what we learned today. Mika, you have a guest. 
>> I have anna bell, she's 4 1/2, she has four brothers so she feels my pain this morning. Who do you think should win the election, anna bell? 
>> Mitt romney. 
>> There you go. 
>> I'm with you. Thank you so much. You're a wise, wise girl. What did you learn today? 
>> Booing an 8-year-old girl. 
>> What did you learn? 
>> I know boca raton knows how to turn out a crowd, even at 5:30 in the morning. 
>> What did you learn? 
>> Booing a 9-year-old girl, a lot of these people must have come down from philly or something. 
>> I would like to tell the people of boca raton, I learned the difference between my nike socks and surgical hose. 

﻿Title: MSNBC Live
Description: Live news coverage, breaking news and current news events with host Thomas Roberts.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 3/21/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

R romney for moves to the middle. 
>> We've come up with a name for this conditi. It's called romnesia. We had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least stage three romnesia. 
>> But the strategy last night, stay strong, sharp and relentless. The commander in chief brought a bayonet to a foreign policy knife fight. 
>> Your strategy previously has been one that's been all over the map. I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy. You mentioned the navy for example and we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Governor, we have fewer horses and bayonets. The question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. It is what are our capables? 
>> Those were cheap shots that he took at mitt romney last night. I think you should treat your opponent with so respect, especially if you're the president of the united states and he didn't. 
>> Governor romney's strategy shows the softer side, appearing cool, careful and measured and tended to attack center left. 
>> We can't kill our way out of this mess. We don't want another iraq. We don't want another afghanistan. That's not the right course for us. Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we'll deal with the challenges in the middle east. 
>> Willing to say anything about anything at any time to close the deal. It is running for president of the united states. 
>> So you don't believe he wants the troops out in 2014? 
>> I believe he wants to say whatever it takes to get him elected. 
>> Snap polls and pundits given the final debate victory to president obama but tactically is it too little, too late? 
>> Can president obama impose a price on mitt romney for that? Can he hold hisis feet to the fire and win that argument so possible the audacity of etch will work? 

[00:02:08]


>> Well, I think that the problem for the obama campaign is the first debate. 
>> Even if they can just knock that back a little bit in terms of the gains romney made I think they feel there's some real advantage in that. 
>> We knew this was a close race, right? I don't think we expected it. I think it's -- I think it is now impossible to call. 
>> Joining me now is maryland democratic congressman chris van hollen. Sir, it is good to have you with me. Some said that the president was a bit too aggressive last night. I want to everybody a moment in thate and then reaction of congressman paul ryan this morning. Take a look. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership of al qaeda but we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> I'm glad you recognize that al qaeda is a threat because when you were asked what's the biggest geo political threat facing america you said russia. Not al qaeda. You said russia. IN THE 1980s, CALLING TO ASK FOR Their foreign policy back. 
>> You know what we saw with this debate? Mitt romney's ready to be a great president. We saw a man with a command of the facts, the kind of temperament and demeanor that makes for a great president. 
>> Command of the facts and demean know. Did mitt romney look more presidential? 
>> Thomas, are you talking to me now? 
>> Yes. 
>> Oh, no. Listen. I thought last night we understood clearly why the american people credit president obama with strong and strong leadership and why mitt romney is not ready for strong and steady leadership. Look. He essentially endorsed barack obama's foreign policy but in doing so he totally flip flopped on his own positions and that's bad enough when you're dealing with domestic policy issues. It's dangerous when you do it in the foreign policy arena. Steadiness is important. Mitt romney as the president said is all over the map on important foreign policy issues. That sends risky mixed signals to the allies and foes and i thought mitt romney essentially by playing the etch-a-sketch and romnesia on foreign policy showed he doesn't have the steadiness. The president was very clear on this. . >> Congressman, a lot of people scratching their heads today as they review the debate wondering how do you nail jell-o to the wall? Mitt romney endorsing certain policies of the president as displayed by last night but with only two weeks left to go, was a aggressive display of knowledge and presidential leadership too late for certain voters in this country who may have already decided that mitt romney might be the person they want to go for? 

[00:04:53]


>> I don't think it's too late at all. I think last night all the polls clearly showed the president won. There were still undecided voters watching last night. They went overwhelmingly for the president because, again, people are getting a real sense that mitt romney is a finger of the wind candidate. We know what positions he took in the republican primary. He has had a foreign policy that is just bluster. Which is very dangerous. When you're not going to back it up. When it comes to domestic policy, the president reminded people that mitt romney was for allowing american manufacturing, auto industry to go bankrupt. Mitt romney's trying to play catch up on and saying that the president took his idea. It is incredible. I don't think the american people are going to let mitt romney get away with this. They know where he is, where he was in the republican y. He's wedded to the republican tea parties members of the house of the representatives. That's become the base of his campaign operation. And I don't think anybody's going to be fooled. And ain,ast night underscored why mitt romney's not ready to be commander in chief because you need steadiness. You cannot be a flip flopper. You cannot be the person who makes up your positions on the fly. That, again, sends very dangerous signals abroad. 
>> One thing that the obama campaign is out today with a new ad calling a multiplit form organization and shows the agenda of the president for the four years. Take a lock. 
>> Auto industry back. Our heroes are coming home. We're not there yet. But we have made real progress. And the last thing we should doou is turn back now. 
>> As we know from the president's schedule, the campaign schedule over three days, the president's going to barnstorm key battleground states. We know that vice president joe biden based in ohio for the next three days going to different events there. Do you think, though, that with, again, just these 14 days to go and the sliver of people that they're looking for, the undecided in this country that that's enough time for the president's message to resonate? 

[00:07:08]


>> I think it's enough time and the other factor, thomas, the turnout effort and the president's campaigns very well organized in the battleground states. They've been working very hard to turn out the vote. The vote is now energized. I think you will see democrats going to the polls. And for those few remaining undecided voters out there, i thought last night's debate was important, reminding people why they credit this president with being a strong commander in chief. And again, the theme the president struck on foreign policy was the same that he's struck on domestic policy. It would be a big mistake to go back to the economic policies that mitt romney's proposing that got us in to this mess to begin with and it would be a mistake to go back to the bush foreign policies that got us in to the messes we did overseas. And the reality is that a big part of mitt romney's team are hangovers from the bush administration, the bush/cheney team. So I know that mitt romney wanted to go to great lengths last night assure the american people that he wasn't going to turn back the clock to the bush foreign policy we the people surrounded himself with are exactly that team and so nobody should be fooled whether it's his flip flop on domestic policy issues or flip flops on foreign policy. 
>> Just so people know, it's 17 out of 24 of romney's foreign advisers are from president bush's years. Congressman chris van hollen, thank you for being here. I appreciate it. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> Want to pli in the political power panel for this tuesday. Former senior adviser to hillary clinton's presidential campaign. Joel reuben, current director of policy in government affairs for the plow shares fund and jackie curbman. It's great to have you here. Jackie's senator john kerry on "the daily rundown" this morning on msnbc and had this to say about governor romney. Take a listen. 

[00:09:15]


>> Listening to mitt romney is like listening to a candidate who's running on cliff notes or who had rosette stone foreign policy. 
>> Not holding back there, jackie. Your dad in the primary is harsh on mitt romney, as well. Calling him as a man who wants to run for president of the united states who cannot be honest with the american people. Why level about anything if president? How do we know american voters out there at this point which mitt romney we'd get as president after seeing the display we saw last night and seeing a pivot back to the middle? 
>> Well, I think, thomas, first of all, thank you for having me on. Welcome back from your honeymoon. 
>> Thank you. 
>> I hope you had a great time and what you've seen in the last three debates is mitt romney and the first debate, a fabulous job. We agreehat president obama was basically asleep. Second debate, pretty muched him but the foreign policy debate is very different because what he had to do is go against somebody who's commander in chief and obama has a different stature in the debate and has to look like he can be commander in chief and he had a command of the facts, he knew exactly not just cliff notes but I would say in-depth what was happening and where he agreed with president obama, he agreed and he also very clearly laid out to the american people where he would and would not go depending on what was needed and that was very important for mitt romney to do that and I think he did a fantastic job. 
>> All right. So as jackie's talking about there mitt romney showing specifics and a depth of knowledge, certainly, the president showed a depth of knowledge and aggressive posture about what it takes to be a leader in the position of commander in chief and being that person that other world leaders are locking to. However, as we saw last night, there is reaction from women and a focus group of nbc had specifically. I want to play a part of that for you. 
>> I rally liked the issueshen they were talking about the small businesses. You know? And especially the economy. They kept harping on the economy and instead of obama really talking about what he was going to do to really build the economy, I felt romney had much better, you know, vision on where he was going and what he was going to do and his plan. 

[00:11:24]


>> Isn't it interesting, ann, most people walking away from a foreign policy debate would pick up -- their ears perk up talking about the economy and aligning mitt romney, the perception he would be better handling our economy. 
>> There were a number of focus groups and polls last night and as you may know, most of the polls that, every poll I have seen of uncommitted voters scored president obama as the winner. My own favorite focus group is of walmart moms. I'm very big on the walmart moms. They have some of the hardest jobs in the world and they thought clearly that president obama was the winner. Look, last night president obama show why he -- is and should be commander in chief. He was clear, forceful. He showed that he is willing to use and has used the instruments of national power to keep us safe and secure and at the same time and just as important, strengthening alliances to meet whatever challenge comes forward. 
>> Joel, israel seemed to g a lot more mentions than any other country last night. I just want to remindeverybody. Take a look. 
>> Everything we're doing we're doing in consultation with our partners in the region including israel. Israel is a true friend. 
>> When I'm president of the united states we'll stand with israel. Daylight between ourselves and israel. 
>> So the president was the first one to bring up israel last night throughout the debates. Mitt romney throughout this season has saidd specifically that the president has thrown israel under the bus, brought up last night the fact that the president not visited israel over the time he's been president. Obviously, a lot of pander to florida's jewish voters there. What struck you the most and most notably absent? 
>> Thank you, thomas, for having me. That israel example is a perfect symbol of what happened last night. Many in the foreign policy community befuddled for mitt romney to argue for positions now he was against during the campaign in the past year and in particular on iran, on afghanistan, on syria. He has essentially endorsed the president's policy. On israel, the president explained how he had a shared vision with israel for the defense and security and really e butted the political attacks leveled at him about israel. As well as political attacks on libya. It was odd. Romney really did not seem to stand by his attacks and his critiques of the past year and instead the president seemed to come out with a new endorsee of the foreign policy. 

[00:13:56]


>> We'll know soon enough who the third time was a charm for in two weeks. Great to see all of you. Thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> The foreign policy debate lands domestic. The issues and answers that could decide the election. 
>>> Now that the debates are officially over, are you still undecided? If so, why? Tweet me or find me on facebook. We're back after this. cup drive-thru. Johan comes in a porcelain vessel, crafted with care by a talented blonde from sweden. ?????? ?????? smooth, rich, never bitter, gevalia. have need? At legalzoom, we've created a better place to turn for your legal matters. Maybe you want to incorporate a business you'd like to start. Or protect your family with a will or living trust. Legalzoom makes it easy with step-by-step help when completing your personalized document 
-- or you can even access an attorney to guide you along. With an "a" rating from the better business bureau legalzoom helps you get personalized and affordable legal protection. In most states, a legal plan attorney is available with every personalized document to answer any questions. Get started at legalzoom.Com today. And now you're protected. ] is skin? Challenge the need for such heavy measures with Olay. Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Serum For firmer skin in 5 days. Pretty heavy lifting for such a lightweight. 

[00:16:24]


[ Female Announcer ] Olay Regenerist. a together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 
[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 
>>> Welcome back, everybody. Let's look at the battleground headlines with election day 14 days away. In florida, why president obama won the debate and why it might not matter much. "The miami herald" said the president didn't get the knockout punch he needed. In ohio, bold biden pours it on for obama in ohio. The paper noted that biden praised obama and fiercely attacks the republican ticket. In virginia, will final debate break voters' stalemate in "usa today" questioned who won that debate and will it sway undecided voters in america? Two leaders of the u.S. Conference of mayor. Gentlemen, it's great to have you here. Mayor reid, I want to start with you about this and the opinion piece written by karl rove out this morning and writes it looks like while governor romney may have lost the debate he looked like a commander many chief and presented himself in a presidential way with the president's tone being much too aggressive and down right nasty. So, mayor reid, governor romney is ahead on the issue of the economy and certainly came up and presented itself last night in the foreign policy debate, the domestic issues. But after last night, is he not considered aredible alternative on foreign policy? 

[00:18:59]


>> Absolutely not. I mean, I think what people should walk away with --ot surprising that karl rove write a fantasy football piece this morning. That's what he does for a living for republicans but it is not surprising. The president is in a strong position. He's won two out of three debates and folks need to remember what was extremely clear last night was that if mitt romney had been president then osama bin laden would likely not have been killed. Because he would have asked pakistan for permission to take the shot and I think that that matters to americans because 3,000 americans lost their lives the man willing to take the shot, the man that didn't ask pakistan for permission was barack obama. And he's going to be re-elected president of the united states. 
>> Mayor smith, people are saying there's not a lot of daylight between t two candidates with handling and beliefs of foreign policy. I want to play what an undecided voter had to say from last night. Take a listen. 
>> I felt like tonight what happened is romney agreed with the president a lot and surprising there's not more distinction between them. I'm glad he did and some of the things before was kind of speaking in language that would isolate us more than bring us towards the rest of the world. 
>> Certainly governor has been critical of the president's foreign policy out on the stump yet the perception seems face to face he agrees with the president for most of it. Is governor romney trying to have it both ways when it comes to his foreign policy platform or is he just being strategic in how he was handling last night's debate? 
>> Well, I don't think there's any doubt that you go in to a debate with a strategy and in a debate on foreign policy, there's no doubt that the incumbent, the commander in chief has the upper hand. I think governor romney worked that strategy last night. I think his purpose which he achieved was to make people believe that he was a credible alternative as a commander in chief. I think he wanted to look presidential and he did. I think he wanted to present facts which he did and he wanted to give voters especially undecided voter just like that gentleman we just heard the comfort that he would be a commander in chief that they could have confidence in and i think he accomplished that. 

[00:21:21]


>> They want to reach the undecided and according to the insta-polls the score 2-1 in president obama's favor but the consensus seems to be that governor romney won the debate season because he came out so strong with the first debate. You couple that with the headlines seeing now. Mayor reid, is two weeks enough time for the president toake up the lost ground after the first debate? 
>> First of all, I want to push back on this consensus that mitt romney won the debate season. I don't know where you're getting that from. The electoral college stands right now strongly in place of president obama. Mitt romney at 201 to 5. The president between 240 and 250 electoral votes. So I don't know where this consensus developed when a person wins 2 out of 3 debates and when a man running for president said that he wouldn't go to the ends of the world to kill someone who killed 3,000 americans so I don't know where the consensus is coming from. The polling data said barack obama won 2 out of the 3 debates. Mitt romney had one good debate. That's the only good event he's had this season. We knew all along the race was going to be extremely close. We expect that to happen but the president continues to be up in ohio and we believe that last night he won virginia. 
>> So mayor smith, when we hear that from mayor reid there saying that there really isn't this perception should be obvious that president obama won the debate season, the a perception out there about mitt romney and what is the real mitt romney. Which one would be in office if elected president. Do you feel confident that the american public knows who mitt romney is, his score if elected? 
>> I think that's the one thing the governor was able to accomplish in the debates which is why the debates aren't like a baseball series. This isn't the best of seven or whatever. This is what is the message to put across? I think people have seen a caricature of governor romney and the obama campaign very good at advancing and what they saw in the debate was the real mitt romney. I think the one thing we need to note is if you have a lot of undecideds this close to the election and an incumbent and four years to get these people convinced to stay with you, they aren't undecided whether they support you. They're decided they're not supporting you and deciding whether to participate. Am I going to show up? I think what governor romney accomplished in the series of debates is confidence that he could be a president. He looked presidential. He acted presidential. And so it was one of three or two of three, whatever, he accomplished what he needed to giving the undecided a presidential look and confidence that he could be a president they could have confidence in. 

[00:24:12]


>> Gentlemen, thank you for your time this morning. I appreciate it. 
>> Thank you, thams. 
>> Thank you for having me. 
>> Absolutely. Big bird, binders and bayonets. Some of the biggest debate moments according to twitter. 
>>> Plus, less than two hours of apple's big announcement in time for the holidays, right? A little thing, the ipad mini. Bringing you detalls next. A Hybrid? Most are just no fun to drive. Now, here's one that will make you feel alive. Meet the five-passenger Ford C-MAX Hybrid. C-MAX says ha. C-MAX says wheeee. Which is what you get, don't you see? Cause C-MAX has lots more horsepower than Prius v, a hybrid that C-MAX also bests in MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. 

[00:27:44]


>>> Debate season is over but the tweets still flying and tallying them for you. At more than 10 million, the firstresidential showdown was the most tweeted about. The hot topic, the exchange of big bird setting off 135,000 tweets a minute. Now in the second debate romney's biners full of women remark capped off tweets at 7.2 million and then last night the least tweeted of all leading the charge at more than 105,000 per minute, horses and bayonets. And speaking of horses, here's a tweet. This is also known ann romney's olympic horse. I say if they settle disputes we would have more diplomacy. You can see in this fake romney-ryan ad. And another spoof of big bird, holding a bayonet and asking mitt romney a pointed question. We think that's not going to be something you see on "sesame street." There's big bird for you. 
>>> May be the biggest move of apple. They're set to announce the ipad mini and google and amazon may be sweating a bit. Here's jon fortt of san jose. This is a test of staying competitive post steve jobs. What are you hearing? 
>> Reporter: Absolutely. We expect it to be 8 inches, bigger than the smaller competitors like the google nexus 7, the amazon kindle fire and the barnes & noble nook to take on apple and the tablet category at 200 bucks. Closer to $300 or closer to $200 to compete with them? This's the question. 
>> Real quickly, jon, anymore bells and whistles added to it? What else does it offer? 

[00:29:47]


>> Reporter: That's the key announcements we could see about. You never know. A longer event than probably just to announce one thing. 
>> All right. Think like to keep everybody waiting for attention. Jon fortt reporting live from san jose, thank you so much. Appreciate it. 
>>> We are keeping our eyes on wall street for you right now. Arrows red across the board after weak reports that have come in. Take the shot full and show you what we are watching right now. The dow down by 244 points, dropped after the opening bell. 
>>> Up ne, waging war for the women's vote. And then where the race goes from here. 
>>> Plus, grading the debate? RON REGAN AND megan McCain next to score the candidates and which one of them is celebrating a birthday today? We celebrate that news after this. 
[ voice of Dennis ] ...SAFE DRIVING BONUS Check? Every six months without an accident, Allstate SENDS A CHECK. Ok. 
[ voice of Dennis ] SILENCE. Are you in good hands? ] are... And you learned something along the way. This is the age of knowing what you're made of. So, why let erectile dysfunction get in your way? Talk to your doctor about viagra. 20 million men already have. Ask if your heart is healthy enough for sex. Do not take viagra if you take nitrates for chest pain; it may cause an unsafe drop in blood pressure. Side effects include headache, flushing, upset stomach, and abnormal vision. To avoid long-term injury, seek immediate medical help for an erection lasting more than four hours. Stop taking viagra and call your doctor right away if you experience a sudden decrease or loss in vision or hearing. This is the age of taking action. Viagra. Talk to your doctor. See if america's most prescribed ed treatment is right for you. inherits challenges. Few have faced so many. Four years later... Our enemies have been brought to justice. Our heroes are coming home. Assembly lines are humming again. There are still challenges to meet. Children to educate. A middle class to rebuild. But the last thing we should do is turn back now. 

[00:33:30]


PRESIDENT OBAMA: I'm Barack Obama and... I approve this message. 
>>> We have got any math teachers out there? You can go ahead and look in this plan. And you'll see that the numbers work. I won't be running the okey-doek onyou. 
>> That's president obama earlier and do we have this right now? We've got the live pictures coming in to us of vice president biden in ohio. That was president obama appearing in delray beach, florida, earlier this morning, starting now on the six-state post-debate swing. Vice president biden, though, will be in ohio over the next three days. Certainly we know ohio one of the most critical battleground states. More now on whether last night's debate changed the direction of the presidential race. Joining me now, ron reagan, the son of the former president and a former radio talk show host and contributor and megan McCAIN, DAUGHTER OF john McCain and a contributor of msnbc. I want to start with the grades of the candidates. Last week, megan, you gave president obama a b and mitt romney a b-minus. Did romney meet the commander in chief test? 
>> I gave them both c-pluses. I thought romney did a great job looking presidential and keeping the momentum. I was disappointed he didn't hit the president harder on benghazi. But overall, I don't think this was a game changing debate for either candidate. 
>> All right. So pretty much a draw from you. Ron, last week president obama a b-plus. Governor romney a d-minus. President reagan, how about this week? 
>> Originally I was going to give them basically the same grades but upgraded obama. I don't know if you have that on your graphic. 

[00:35:31]


>> We do. 
>> Good. 
>> You submitted the work on time, sir. 
>> Good. And I thought that he actually improved over the second debate and romney, I'm being charitable here. Romney had really nothing to say on foreign policy. You know? Beyond the benal and he could have run miss america instead so a "d" is being generous for romney. 
>> My gosh, that's awful. That's way below. 
>> It's true, though. Happy birthday, by the way. 
>> Thank you so much. Thank you, both of you. 
>> That's the breaking news i was going to reveal. 
>> I'm sorry. I didn't mean to step on that, thomas. 
>> That's okay. The most important thing, though, in your estimation that governor romney was able to do last night is what? 
>> I think he just had to keep his momentum and not lose. I don't think these are issues for whatever reason that the american public will go to the voting booth and vote on. I think the economy and any time president obama or mitt romney talked about the economy things spiked. I tweeted last night I thought it was a debate on foreign policy so I don't think it was a game changing debate. 
>> One thing, ron, that the headlines and interpretations of pundits today I'm struck with is the fact that many people feel it's hard to nail jell-o to the wall. Hard to get mitt romney on the record about what he believes or thinks or ere the core is because -- 
>> yes. 
>> -- It conflates and conflicts with things that have been said through the primary and now out through the general. Is that something that people that aren't watching the race this closely can actually figure out? 
>> Well, I think so. I think president obama was very effective in hitting him on those sort of flip flops where he'd say one thing a couple of months ar weeks ago and now tonight during the debate it's a different mitt romney and going on throughout the election. I think megan is correct. People aren't in to the deep weeds of foreign policy. Most people don't know where benghazi is after all but looking for who gives the impression of being the commander in chief. Who's in command of the facts? Who seems to know the world and know their place in the world? And in that realm obama was clearly, clearly ahead here. Mitt romney -- 

[00:37:55]


>> I actually -- 
>> what he was going to be was barack obama and do what barack obama's doing but somehow because he was doing it it would work better. 
>> Megan, you want to jump in? 
>> Yeah. I thought president obama looked petty especially talking about THE '80s CALLED AN THEY WANT Their foreign policy back and I'm glad you care about al qaeda. I thought he seemed very petty and unpresidential in those statements and if you were just watching the debate simply on form and style, I think that mitt romney definitely came across looking more presidential. 
>> Ron? 
>> Absolute disagreement. Mitt romney had nothing to say about most issues. He didn't go after the president on benghazi or libya because the cia report came out backing up the president and the administration's account of what happened and their appreciation of what happened in benghazi so you had nowhere to go on the big gotcha issue there and then on afghanistan, syria, et cetera, pakistan, he seemed to simply ate the president's position on everything and say I'd do it a little better maybe. 
>> Third time's the charm but for who? Thanks. Happy birthday to you, megan McCAIN, RON REGAN. 
>> Thank you both. 
>>> Joining me now, the focus of the debate shifting from foreign policy but it didn't stop the candidates trying to reach out toomen voters. 
>> Number two, better education. Number three, gender equality. Number four, the rule of law. We have to help these nations create civil societies. 
>> Whether it's supporting women's rights, whether it's supporting religious minorities. They can say that the president of the united states and the united states of america has stood on the rig side of history. 
>> From los angeles to talk more about this, women's health advocate and president obama's supporter, sandra flope. Good to have you here. Good to see how the debates and the campaign pivoted in to women's issues last night supposed to be the theme of foreign policy. Both mitt romney and the president were talking about a lot of things directed at women and mitt romney specifically bringing up gender equality. Through the arab spring. Is that something that struck you? 

[00:40:09]


>> It did. And I think both president obama and mr. Romney see foreign policy as something that women care about. And see how we treat women in other countries and our work to encourage their education and development as being an important part of the foreign policy. Obama has an extensive record on this both standing with young girls like malala who are fighting for their right to education and also empowering women in a development strategy for developing countries. 
>> So as we break things down to look at them from gender, the latest nbc/"wall street" poll shows while they're tied, mitt romney has a ten-point lead, the president with an eight-point lead with women, what message was the president need to get to the undecided women voters with two weeks left? 
>> Well, I think that he continues the talk about what he's been talking about throughout the race, issues of fair pay and women's access to health care as well as the foreign policy and gender equality globally that we were just discuing and really pointing out that the president hbs a proven track record on addressing the issues and plans for going forward, as well, and that mr. Romney wano leave women at the mercy of the employers on so many of these questions. 
>> Sandra flip from los angeles, nice to see you this morning. Thank you for your time. 
>> Thanks for having me. 
>> Absolutely. 
>>> Coming up, fact or fiction? 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. 
>> You're wrong, mr. President. 
>> I am not wrong. 
>> People can look. 
>> People will look. 
>> Glen kessler tells us who was right and wrong. Are you still decided? If so, why? Tweet me your thoughts. You can always find me on facebook. future. Since ameriprise financial was founded back in 1894, they've been committed to putting clients first. Helping generations through tough times. Good times. Never taking a bailout. There when you need them. Helping millions of americans over the centuries. The strength of a global financial leader. The heart of a one-to-one relationship. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? gas meltaways, or treat gas with these after you get it. Now that's like sunblock before or sun burn cream later. Oh, somebody out there's saying, now I get it! Take beano before and there'll be no gas. ?????????First Life????????? Eyes You're not just looking for a house. You're looking for a place for your life to happen. money on gasoline. I am probably going to the gas station about once a month. Last time I was at a gas station was about...I would say...Two months ago. I very rarely put gas in my chevy volt. I go to the gas station such a small amount that I forget how to put gas in my car. 

[00:44:53]


[ Male Announcer ] AND IT'S NOT JUST THESE Owners giving the volt high praise. Volt received the j.D. Power and associates appeal award two years in a row. ?????? ?????? 
>>> I said if I got bin laden in our sights I would take that shot. You said we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man. You said we should ask pakistan for permission. And if we had asked pakistan for permission we would not hbve gotten him and it was worth moving heaven and earth to get him. 
>> President obama throwing down the big trump card in the last night's final head to head sit down with mitt romney. The third and final debate as by no means as compelling and no fact checks of bob schaefer trying to keep them on a leash and on track. Joining me now is glen kessler of "the washington post" fact check. Good to have you here. The biggest bite of the night and trender on twitter is horses and bayonets exchange. Take a listen. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how the military works. You mentioned the navy for example and we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. We have the things alled aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have the ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. 
>> You say that the zinger scores truthfully and the claims we know that horses and bayonets long been retire from military service, at least within the ways we define them in history. 
>> Well, actually, I mean, think eve used horses in afghanistan and they have bayonets, actually, with the marines. But the broader point that romney had made concerning the smallest navy since 1917 is almost as if the president was quoting one of the fact checks of this from a few weeks ago because, actually, you can't compare torpedo boats to nuclear aircraft carriers or nuclear-powered submarines an point of fact just counting ships, smallest point since 1917 during the bush administration it's been going up since then in part because of a ship-building program that president bush put in to place. 

[00:47:25]


>> Obviously, talki about what the military heavily ies on now and the changing face of the military moving forward in modern times. One thing, though, as it's supposed to be about foreign policy, glenn, the debate seemed to be brought back on domestic issues specifically about auto bailout. Take a listen. 
>> If we had taken your advice, governor romney, about the auto industry we would be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. 
>> I said they need -- the companies need a managed bankruptcy and in that process, government help and guarantees but they need to go through bankruptcy to get rid of excess cost and the debt burden they built up and fortunately -- governor romney, that's not what you said. 
>> Who's telling the truth coming to their versions of the specifics of the auto bailout? 
>> This is very complicated. Governor romney written an opinion piece for "the new york times" which had the headline saying let detroit go bankrupt but he's correct. He was talking about a managed bankruptcy. And ultimately, that's where the automakers did go through. However, here's the caveat. The point of governor romney made that idea of a managed bankruptcy, the credit markets were so frozen that you couldn't have gone through that kind of process at that time and he needed a government assistance and that's what every, you know, fact finding commission after the fact determined that the managed bankruptcy process was not going to work in the depths of the great recession in late 2008. 
>> Meaning that the auto companies would seem to find funding through private markets opposed to through the government to climb back out of the hole they were in. All right. So one other tense moment came when governor romney accused the president of going on a foreign apology tour. Take a look. 
>> And then the president began what I called an apology tour going to various nations ithe at least and criticizing america. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told in the course of this campaign and every fact checker and every reporter's looked atit. 

[00:49:40]


>> All right. So as the president referred to it? 
>> Well, you know, I have given this claim of an apology tour four pinocchios under my definition simply says deep into every single speech that the republicans have said nstituted an apology. I didn't see it there. You know, romney responded and gave -- tried to give specific examples of specific quotes which he said were from speeches the president gave in the middle east. Actually, those were from speeches the president gave in europe and latin america and again, if you look at it, there were matched sets of points that he was making about how the americans perceive europe and how the europeans perceive americans and, you know, I just don't see it as an apology and neither has every other fact checker. 
>> Great to have you on today. Thanks so much. Want to pass along this programming note, this week brine williams joins president obama for a series of interviews on the campaign trail. See those on "rock center" with debuts on "nightly news" and the "today" show. 
>> Baby boomers are stressed out. Planning for retirement, taking care of aging parents and other issues create intense patience on boomers. Get exercise, walking can improve your mental and physical well being, get plenty of vitamin c, try medication and quiet relaxation and laugh a lot. It helps to offset anxiety and depression. cold, nyquil, but I'm still stubbed up. 
[ Male Announcer ] TRUTH IS, Nyquil doesn't unstuff your nose. What? 
[ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus Liquid Gels Speeds relief to your worst cold symptoms plus has a decongestant your stuffy nose. Thanks. That's the cold truth! 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE PLAN. 

[00:51:41]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, #]INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. O0 c1 ?????? ?????? I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! Mom, are those my jeans? 
[ Female Announcer ] People who choose more whole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 

[00:54:08]


>>> as t president pointed out these debates, the four now that we've had, have exposed that governor romney and congressman ryanave a foreign policy to paraphra the president last night, a foreign policy out of THE '80s, A SOCIAL POLICY OUT OF THE '50s AND AN ECONOMIC POLICY OUT OF THE '20s. 
>> Vice president biden just moments ago taking one of the president's lines from last night's debate adding to it and fired up as the campaigns today in the all-important battleground state of ohio right now. The vice president is going to be there throughout the week. 
>> Here is a look at other stories topping the news right now for you. Tragic ending for aut pasquale the missing girl in new jersey. The body was found in a recycling container. An autopsy will be conducted today. 
>>> Congressman jesse jackson junior headed back to the mayo clinic. Two of his colleagues went to visit him yesterday and say he's experience something extreme difficulties. 
>> Lance armstrong is a dad and cancer survivor who likes to swim, bike, run and golf, at least what his plow file is saying after theer SEVEN-TIME tour de France winner removed those titles. That's going to wrap things up for me. We'll see you back here tomorrow at 11:00 eastern. "Now" with alex wagner is coming up for the next hour. What do you have coming up? 
>> Thomas, great debates may be over but the paradox of mittens continues. We will examine governor romney's yeah, ha he said strategy with governor ed rendell, howard wolfson, frank bruni, joy reid and david wood. The president rules out a 20-page blueprint for his second term. We'll ask ben labolt about the obama doctrine. And the candidates take a bow in"inside the actor's studio" james lipton joins us for one last curtain call. We'll get his thoughts on the final act in a mere 180 seconds. we made the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, softest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all ecial order carpet. ] 360 dashboard. Free streaming quotes, all your investments, positions, and even your trade ticket are all on one customizable page. See the 360 investing dashboard at e-trade. . 

[00:59:12]


>>> The third and final debate now over at last. We have clarity on mitt romney's campaign strategy. The enemy of the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Confused? So are we. IT'S TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23rd, AND This is "now." 
>> Joining me today former hillary clinton adviser and deputy new york city mayor howard wolfs. Nbc political analyst, former pennsylvania governor and current governor of "now," ed rendell, msnbc contributor and queen bee of thegrio.Com joy reid and frank bruni of the new york times. 

﻿Title: MSNBC Special Coverage - Debate Analysis
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

A big night for obama. How many of you thought that president obama won the debate? Won debate. You think it was a draw? 
>> I believe it was a draw. 
>> Did anybody think mitt romney won the debate? Not at all. We also have some deciders from this undecided group. Matt you say you're going to vote for president obama. Why? 
>> I saw the president is decisive when he spoke about his actions against bin laden. He made that decision. He knows what he's doing and he had to go against some of his cabinet. 
>> You were in new york on 9/11. 
>> His comments about the young lady who was four and is now 14. 
>> You were firmly for mitt romney even though you thought he lost. 
>> I thought obama did a great job but I felt very, it was very interesting to see romney's views on still bringing in the economy with foreign issues. 
>> Because the economy is very important. There's a big unemployment rate. Everybody knows somebody who has been hit by the foreclosure crisis. Jane, you came in leaning for romney. You're leaving leaning for the president. 
>> Right. 
>> What happened? 
>> I was impressed by his focus and strategies related to foreign policy. I believe the president wears many different hats and leader of the free world is a big hat he wears. 
>> Joe, you came in the other way. You were leaning towards obama and now you lean toward romney. Why? 
>> I think romney is going to be good for the country. I think he may have the plan to pick the country back up and put it back into a working -- 
>> it's more about the economy than anything you heard tonight? 
>> It's the economy. 
>> Up in the back, david. You said you have a brother who's in the national guard. It was all about the commander in chief. Who is the better commander in chief in your mind? 

[00:02:01]


>> I felt like they were the same. Obama would say something and romney would say I'm going to do the same thing but a little bit stronger. I didn't sfe a lot of difference in how they were going to lead. 
>> A lot of you said the same thing. A lot of people commented on how mitt romney said yes the president is right on that particular thing. You're a palestinian america. There's a lot of talk about the middle east. Who did you think prevailed tonight given your heritage and your perspective on the world? 
>> I think both candidates came away with the same message. They were tailoring a message to the israeli public than the american citizens. 
>> Did that concern you? 
>> Yes. The moderator brought up the red line with regards to israel, it's concerning that we're measuring them by a red line to israel than to the american safety and our soldiers. 
>> Okay. Chris, wants to jump in here. 
>> Ron, I thought the president was very aggressive tonight. I thought he was really going at romney. He wanted to pick a fight with him. Romney had big 16 ounce gloves. He didn't want to cause any trouble. How did people react to that aggressiveness tonight? 
>> What do you think about that? 
>> I think it was great. I think that's what he needed to do. He's been very subdued. 
>> He didn't convince you to vote for him. 
>> He didn't convince me. I came in 50/50. He leaned me in that direction. 
>> You weren't convinced by that, rose. He's been commander in chief for four years. You're leaning more towards romney, aren't you? 
>> I am. I'm going to have to really decide in the next couple of weeks and just really -- 

[00:04:03]


>> you don't feel any pres to decide even though 700,000 of your closest friends in the state have voted. 
>> I have two more weeks. Election day hasn't come yet. 
>> Chris, president obama won a lot of leaners. Three leaning towards romney. Still a few folks just happily undecided and so goes florida and its 29 votes. 
>> Ron, I've watched all four of your focus groups and even though there's a lot of undecided it was the most decisive. That's very useful to us. It corresponds to all three national polls who said obama won tonight. You're in very popular company. It's great to do this with you. Thank you so much. His focus group was great. This is coverage of the final presidential debate. 
>> If I'm president of the united states, when I'm president of the united states, we will stand with israel. If israel is attacked we have their back not jt diplomatically but militarily. 

[00:09:02]


>>> America remains the one indispensable nation and the world need a strong america, and it's stronger now than when i came into office. 
>> We're back from boca raton. The third and final presidential debate is over. Let's listen from the spin room. 
>> David, who wrote the horses and bayonets line. The line of the night. 
>> The president comes up with the best lines. 
>> That's the official spin. I said I looked for memorable lines. That's the line people at work are easily going to be able to remember. Do you think it's more than just a quip? 
>> I do. Governor romney wants to spend more than $2 trillion than the generals want. I think that illustrated a point and he talks about our navy and our capabilities as if it is the last century. I think for someone who has auditioned tmander in chief that ought to frighten people because he doesn't have a grasp this is about capability and new technology. He views it through the rear view mirror. 
>> If there was one sensational that you were trying to deliver, what would that be? 
>> There's two. The president made clear iraq and how to go after bin laden, timelines on afghanistan. Romney was wrong. Governor romney has been wrong. No matter what he tries to do tonight, he's been wrong. When you're commander in chief you have to be steady. You don't get multiple choices to get it right. The president was strong. That was a commander in chief there. We thought governor romney was unsteady and fairly reckless in his language. 

[00:11:05]


>> How surprised were you at the new agreements that you got with go romney tonight? Afghanistan specifically. 
>> It's his fourth position. You can't trust him. He'll have a new position next week. This president has one position. He's going to end this war in 2014 in part because we've ses mated al qaeda. You look at governor romney you saw a politician not a commander in chief. I think that's going to worry people all across america. 
>> On what is the new afghanistan agreement between president obama and mitt romney, I want you to think about it as you're in a uniqueuation as having been a campaign techtition and work in the white house. With just looking at it tactically is it the correct thing for mitt romney to say at this point. What would you be saying if he was sagreeing with the president on afghanistan. 
>> He should say what he believes. His running mate got in an exchange with biden on this very issue. Paul ryan was pretty clear it depends on 2014. Maybe they didn't like how that exchange went. You're hiring a commander in chief. If someone has been unsteady on -- he was against the timeline and now he's for it, this is not someone you can trust. I think at t end of the day presidential elections are about issues. They are also about character and trust and leadership. I think the president wa someone the american people will look at and say this is a commander in chief we trust. Governor romney looks at these issues through politics. That's a very dangerous thing. 
>> I could see what the romney tactic was on bin laden. It was to mention him first. It was about force it in to mitt romney's very first answer. He gave the president credit for getting bin laden hoping we're done with that for the debate. The president waited an hour before bringing it back up and driving it home the way he nted to drive it home. Is that the single most powerful solution you have of the president's strength and resolve in foreign policy and in these kinds of tactical decisions he s to make as president? 

[00:13:32]


>> Many of the al qaeda leaders have been taken off the battlefield. It's not just bin laden. On bin len, romney was wrong twice. He criticized the president in 2008 by saying when the president would go into pakistan to get him. Romney said no. We don't want to annoy our friends was his quote and he said we need a permission slip from pakistan to get the world's number one terrorist. It's weak. Secondly, he said we shouldn't move heaven and earth. The president said why it's so important that america finish that job. 
>> Did you have a chance to speak with the president after the debate before coming in here? 
>> He feels really good. We've had three debates. I think we won two. We feel we come out of this debate with momentum. It's going to be a very close race here in florida, ohio, iowa, nevada. We've always assumed this will come down to a point or two. We think we have an edge. We think tonight will help with enthusiasm. Governor romney, I think, did not have a good night. If you had to pick one word it was about strength. President obama looked strong. Governor romney did not. 
>> Thanks for joining us. 
>> Good interview. Much more when we come back. This is msnbc live coverage of the third and final debate. Stay with us. 
>> Governor romney has taken a different approach throughout this campaign. Both at home and abroad he's proposed wrong and reckless policies. He's praised george bush as a good economic steward.9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p 9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p9p 

[00:19:11]


>>> we've been through tough times but we always bounce back because of our character, because we pull together. If I have the privilege of being your president for another four years, I will always listen to your voices and fight for your families and make sure america continues to be the greatest nation on earth. 
>> That was good. Welcome back to our special coverage of the third and final debate. That was part of president obama's closing statt tonight. This is portion of governor romney's. 
>> America is going to come back and for that to happen we're going to have to have a president who can work across the aisle. I was in a state where my legislature was 78% democrat. We've got to do that in washington. Washington is broken. I know what it takes to get this ;p country back. We'll work with good democrats and good republicans to do that. 
>> Now the third debate is over the candidates begin to sprint to election day. Joining me is martin bashir of the martin bashir show. What a great title. 
>> I thought so. 
>> Dhey have a plan to explo it this instead of just doing tours and vpeeches? 
>> He's going to use the presidency. He's going to go out there. They have a whole straver the next 72 hours going to ohio and nevada. 
>> Is he going to do stuff by executive order? 
>> I don't know if he'll do that. It looks like a real barn burner. He's do the big rallies. He needs the kids on college campuses. He needs to look like he's ahead and look like -- 
>> is he going to knock off that guy over in benghazi. That wouldn't be a bad move. Drone him. 

[00:21:12]


>> I don't know if there's going to be an october surprise. Surprisingly mitt romney didn't bring that up tonight. It didn't come up at all. 
>> Martin, tonight was going to be benghazi. 
>> I knew he was never going to do that. If you listen to romney he gave you a desire for peace in the world. He talked about ending islamic extremism, really. 
>> Sounded like a democrat. 
>> These were things that were warm, generous, kind. 
>> I liking the way he said help this develop economically and socially after he joined the peace corps. 
>> It was very surprising. Very different from the rhetoric we hear on the stump. He's read the recent poll that shows that 63% of americans want less involvement. 
>> The next two weeks, we have this weekend an another weekend. I'm determined to get somewhere to watch them in action. 
>> Go to ohio. You will catch them there. 
>> Will this be a battle over what? Romney has one strong punch he kept hitting with it tonight. The little riff on the economy. He does the 23 million and how it weakens us abroad. You can't deny the reality of it. He'll keep doing that. 
>> I think he'll keep trying to move toward the center. I think obama is going to keep at it. 
>> It was humiliation in arguing he supported guaranteed when there was nobody lending money. 
>> He doesn't have an argument but he knows that is damaging to him in ohio. He's down five, six points in most of those recent polls so he's going to spend an awful lot of time there. I think you'll see from the democrats an attempt to paint him as an extremist. 

[00:23:25]


>> What do you make of this, maybe you don't know, but I'm confounded by bobby's opponent in pennsylvania. I got up this morning. This information I keep getting. It keeps coming. 10 million he's going to spend of his personal money to knock off a guy who can't be beat in pennsylvania. What is going on? Are they going for broke? 
>> Obviously. 
>> Writing a check for $10 million. 
>> He's following the example of sheldon adelson who spent in excess of $100 million and i guess their disdain drives them to reach into their own pocket to do anything. Things that they hope they can injure this president. It's one of the most nasty things about this whole thing. 
>> Did it amaze you he talked about rape not being legitimate? If you're raped then you can't have a kid. They said the senator go fetch. It's dog language in this midst of this environment when everybody is listening for that stuff. 
>> I think the damaging thing not only for todd akin in that race is that democrats are able to connect him to everyone else in the party. 
>> Who wants to be in that party? 
>> See women very differently. 
>> Don't you wish we could have more debates? 
>> Honestly I don't. The debates have been controlled to such an extent. If you were moderating it would be like a zoo. 
>> You got to be in that chair. 
>> They never let the bull in the ring the second time. You're saying basically they're too rehearsed. 
>> I think they moved the needle in ways that we didn't think. 
>> We're getting out of afghanistan. They both agree we're getting out in '14. No more debate. 

[00:25:28]


>> They solved afghanistan. You think karzai heard the news. 
>> There's no point in having another debate because you listen to romney he agrees with the president. 
>> We're going to hear about the horses and the bayonets and boat that is go under water and the planes. Great stuff. Thank you. We'll be right back with more. Two weeks away. Thank you for watching. I'll be back tomorrow at 5:00 and 7:00 eastern for more of that great show "hardball." Good night. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda but we can't kill our way out of this mess. 

[00:30:30]


>> Governor romney, I'm glad thaw recognize that al qaeda is a threat. You said the biggest threat was russia, not al qaeda. You know, the cold war's been over for 20 years. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me it talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there and stem the tide of this violence. 
>> On three separate occasions tonight, president obama described mr. Romney's approach to foreign policy as all over the map. He used that phrase repeatedly. The third time he made that reference president obama went on an extended rift about him. 
>> On a whole range of issues, whether it's the middle east, whether it's afghanistan, whether it's iraq, whether it's now iran, you've been all over the map. I mean, I'm pleased that you now are endorsing our policy of applying diplomatic pressure and potentially having bilateral discussions with the iranians to end their nuclear program. But just a few years ago you said that's something you'd never do in the same way that you initially opposed a timetable in afghanistan. Now you're for it, although it depends. In the same way that you say you would ha ended the war in iraq, but recently gave a speech saying that we should have 20,000 more folks in there. The same way that you said it was mission creep to go after gadhafi. When it comes to going after osama bin laden, you said, well, any president would make that call but when you were candidate in 2008, as I was, and I said if I got bin laden in our sights, i would take that shot, you said, we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man. And you said we should ask pakistan for permission and if we had asked pakistan for permission, we would not have gotten him and it was moving heaven and earth to get him. 

[00:32:35]


>> President obama trying to disqualify mitt romney as commander in chief by explaining how the united states military term works and boats that go under the water that are called submarines. This must have been planned out in advance. You'll be seeing this over and over and over again over the next few days. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships. We're now down to 285. WE'RE DOWN TO THE LOW 200s. That's unacceptable. I want to make sure that we have the ships required by our navy. 
>> I think governor romney hasn't looked at how the military works. You mentioned the navy and that we have fewer ships than in 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have things called aircraft and it's not a game of battleships where we're counting ships. It's where are our capabilities. 
>> Theresident sunk mitt romney's battleship. Mitt romney is going to join us in just a second. There was a lot of legitimate news made tonight including mitt romney giving the endorsement of the stepped up use of armed drones over the past four years on the issue of iran, mr. Romney suggested that the iranian president, ahmadinejad, should be cited for inciting genocide. But the war that america has been in has been woe fully underserved. And long held previous position that should he become president, all u.S. Troops will be pulled out of afghanistan by the end of 2014. This is new. 

[00:34:36]


>> We're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> We're going to be finished by 2014. This is a new policy for mitt romney unveiled in the last debate before the presidential election. In february mr. Romney said, the biggest mistakes president obama has made in afghanistan were, one, announcing the specific date we would withdraw. That was in february. In january he said, this president has done an extraordinary thing. He announced the date of our withdraw. That was wrong. In june he said, we shouldn't adhere to a timetable. This past summer he said, i don't think you set hard and fast deadline. That was the mitt romney before tonight's debate started. Now you've got a new one. If this war matters to you, you've got a presidential candidate on your hands who has a brand-new position 15 days before the election. Sometime you g real, live actual news out of these presidential debates. I think tonight was one of those nights. A cbs flash poll of uncommitted voters found that 53% said that president obama won tonight's debate. 23% said mitt romney won tonight's debate and 24% scored it as a tie. Lawrence o'donnell is in the spin room with john kerry whose twitter feed has become way more interesting. Lawrence? 
>> Thank, rachel. You played mitt romney in the debate prep. 
>> Tomorrow. We're finished. 
>> When you were playing mitt romney, did you say we are going to be out of afghanistan by 2014? 
>> No. 
>> Why didn't you say that? 
>> Because mitt romney hasn't said it and he's never said it. I mean, d is dizzy tonight trying to follow mitt romney. 
>> You were shocked when you heard him say it again. 
>> I was. Because weeks ago mitt romney said, I'm going to listen to the generals. You made a mistake, mr. President, to set a date certain. You never should have announced it and now tonight he agrees. This is a man -- I have to tell you, tonight we saw a commander in chief and a candidate in total confusion who is -- if you're lders in the world, you're scratching your head tonight saying, how could the american people possibly elect a guy who has changed his position every few months and doesn't know what he's g to do in foreign policy? I thought I was listening to the wikipedia candidate tonight. He would say, oh, there are taliban in pakistan. They have nuclear weapons. But what's the policy, governor? What are you going to do that is different? How are you going to -- nothing. Absolutely nothing. Which is why I tweeted that they sunk the battleships. Take the ships, as a navy guy, when I was in the navy, we had 680 something ships. There's not anybody that questions today that our navy isn't the most powerful on the seas, that we don't have the most powerful military in the world. We spent more, as the president said tonight, than the next ten nations in the world. China, russia, great britain, france, all put together we spend more. We will have the best military in the world but it isn't by counting the numbers of ships. It's by whats their capability? What do we have the ability to answer as a threat? Lawrence, tonight I have to tell you, I was stunned. Mitt romney scares -- he really scared me tonight. I mean, this is a guy if people think he's ready to be president, this country's going to go back to the bush policies that took us through iraq. He's going to outsource to the people who organized that effort to go into iraq and we're in trouble. I listened to george pataki. Half the things he said were just off the wall. I mean, you look at libya. The president did the most intelligent thing possible. And the republicans are complaining about it. They call it leading from behind. The president led from the front but managed to keep american troops from having to go in, managed to liberate a country together with nato and others who did a lot of the heavy lifting, be which is great and i would think americans would cheer that and our goals were advanced and after chris stevens was tragically killed, 30,000 libyans came out with signs saying, we love america, we love chris stevens. That's america at its best. On the mitt romney, you have this confusion, you have completely helter skelter policy. 

[00:39:19]


>> Tomorrow at work people will be talking about it and I have to say there's nothing from the romney side that I remember but that line about we don't have as many horses in the military anymore, that sounds to me like what people are going to be saying at work tomorrow. 
>> Well, I hope so because this is serious business. I'm not going to laugh about it. It is really serious business. We have, you know, still too many troops in afghanistan for many people'king. We have to transition that war but we have to do it in a way that protects the sacrifice of the troops that have been there and what we need to do for our security as a platform against counterterrorism. We don't want people being able to come back into the country and plot against our country again. So we have enormous challenges. But I listen to mitt romney tonight trying to blame the president for uncertainty in an arab world that is going through the greatest transition since the empire fell. I mean, we and no islam mist told a tunisian fruit vendor to emulate himself. He did that out of a desire to break out of this yoke of crushing his aspirations because they took his weighing machine. At tahrir square, that wasn't the brotherhood. They didn't start that. That was young egyptians with their tweets and their ability to google and to communicate to each other with their cell phones dreaming of a future where they have jobs and can reach out to the rest of the world and their country was giving them what everybody aspired to and then, of course, the brotherhood came in because they were organized and won an election. We want elections. I thought we were for democracy, not against it, governor romney. The same thing is now going on in syria. He says he doesn't want to put troops in. Lawrence, there are so many weapons going into syria, the saudis, they have weapons going in. What we need to do is make sure it doesn't implode and that we don't have a sunni conflict in the middle east which has deep implication for jordan, for turkey, israel, our great ally and friend and you hear none of that sensitivity from mitt ro it's a complicated world out there and we need a president who understands those complications and has the experience of making decisions about them. 

[00:41:59]


>> Final comment? 
>> This is the most inexperienced candidate for president and vice president together. 
>> A one term governor with no foreign policy experience. 
>> One term governor and congressman that's been dealing with the budget. Neither of whom have ever made a real decision about sending troops into war or about going into war or have gone into war themselves. 
>> I have to ask you a question where I understand -- 
>> you just heard -- I don't know if that was a loose cable or something else but we jus lost the tail end of that interview there. It was a live interview between lawrence o'donnell and john kerry. There has been a lot of discussion about if hillary clinton steps down, whether john kerry would be positioned to be a secretary of state. We're going to go live to chris matthews. Chris, over to you. 
>> Thank you, rachel. Let's go to stephanie cutter. Stephanie, I was stunned by the president's preparedness tonight for that talk about the number of ships in the navy. And I can only assume that he knew that the former secretary of the navy was going to push that into the mouth of mitt romney tonight and he's going to make him regret he ever brought it up. 
>> Well, you know, this was a key piece of mitt romney's foreign policy speech. This is one of the few pieces of policy in mitt romney's policy speech and I think the president just thought it was an ak acronym and weapon don't have to count the number of ships that we had back then. 
>> Oh, gosh. Well, we're going to have to go back to rachel. Looks like we lost our contact withhe deputy campaign manager, rachel. 
>> Thank you, chris. We got lost in the distance between the spin room and satellite that makes this all possible. We're going to take a quick break and come back. There's one interesting thing we'ring to have for you when we come back which is that cbs snap poll of uncommitted voters, which showed a 30-point margin for president obama. Striking comparisons between that and the way the previous two debates were viewed by similar samples of voters. I'll have those numbers for you when we come back. This is the continuing coverage of the third and final presidential debate of 2012. 

[00:44:30]


>> Governor romney has taken a different approach throughout this campaign. Both at home and abroad, he has proposed long and reckless policies, he's praised george bush as a good economic stewart and dick cheney as someone who shows great wisdom and judgment. 

[00:47:53]


>>> When it comes to going after osama bin laden, you said any president would make thacall. But whou were a candidate in 2008 as I was, I said if I got bin laden in our sights, I would take that shot. You said, we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man and that we should ask pakistan for permission and if we had asked pakistan for permission, we would not have gotten him and it was worth moving heaven and earth to get him. 
>> Public policy polling did a poll of swing state voters and they say in their swing state poll they have a margin of 53 to 42. A cnn poll of registered voters has president obama winning 48 to 40. So that's by an eight-point margin. That's a cnn poll of registered vote ares. This is the one that I find interesting in terms of comparison purposes. Cbs did a poll of uncommitted voters of roughly 500 people and tonight they found a very large margin for the president, a 30-point margin. 53% of these uncommitted voters saying that president obama won tonight's debate, 23% saying mitt rney won. At the first debate, which everybody sort of scored instantly for mitt romney as a very big win, that margin for mitt romney winning that debate among uncommitted voters polled by cbs was a 24-point win for mitt romney. Tonight, a 30-point win for esident obama. Now, be you can always read too much into these polls but a big win for mitt romney, that poll is part of the reason it was seen as such a big win. That poll tonight showing a bigger win for president obama. We're going to go back to chris matthews who is in boca raton with stephanie cutter. 
>> Let's read a lot into it. Stephanie, what do you make of the fact that we have three polls out night? We're going to hear from a smaller group. Cbs among undecided, how do they matter in the way thatple react to these polls? Do they wait to see who the numbers go with or make their own judgment? What do you think? 

[00:50:08]


>> I think that these instant polls have an influence on how press cover these debates and the aftermath and the day after but I think the american people watching the debate tonight probably made their own judgments. I think they probably came down with the same conclusion that cbs did, that they saw one commander commander tonight and another who was unsteady and uncertain and not ready to be the commander in chief. 
>> I was in wonder, just as senator kerry was and he's been working on this more on working with the president and george McGOVERN TONIGHT, HE WAS TALKING About a peaceful planet he wanted to live on, he talked about the principles of peace. He wanted to have wars as a last resort. He didn't seem like the hawkish of the hard right rail in the primary caucuses to win. 
>> No, he absolutely didn't. And this is part of a pattern with mitt romney. Unfortunately, when you're talking about foreign policy, you can't have that uncertainty. You can't suddenly change your positions for your own political benefit. Because the world is watching. You know, the president said it best tonight, when you're the commander in chief, you have to be strong. You have to be steady. You have to be certain and you can't create confusion at home or all over the world and i think the world was probably watching tonight and they were probably confused about mitt romney's position on foreign policy. Let's remember he traveled all through europe insulting our allies. And created huge blunders, calling russia our greatest geopolitical foe, blunder after blunder, bluster after bluster. As a result, he created an uncertainty about himself, a lack of strength. That's not what we need as a commander in chief and I think that's what the polls reflect. 

[00:52:11]


>> Stephanie, I have one last thought. I started the program earlier tonight with this. It seemed to me, looking towards tonight, I wasn't sure what happened at all but I thought it might happen. Up until tonight, your boss paid the price of incumbency. Coming back from that it's been painful. Tonight he benefited from his incumbency, his knowledge and experience in leading this country safely through these four years. Are the next two weeks going to be an opportunity for him to be president of the united states, be do you have a two-week plan to get from here using the presidency to the election? 
>> Yes. And you know, chris, I think that the power of incumbency comes in a number of different way. People know this president. They know that he has their best interest at heart. He is fighting every single day to keep our country safe and they can count on him. And over the next two weeks that will be made even more clears a the president lays out his agenda for a second term, how he's going to continue moving this country forward and the choice in this election. There's a clear choice in this election about who is going to move this country forward. I think mitt romney's performance, as the president SAID, THE 1950s AND SOCIAL POLICY, 1920s AND ECONOMIC Policy. He wants to take this country back. 
>> Well, we hope to hear a lot from you in the two weeks ahead. We're going to go back to rachel. Thank you, stephanie cutter it. Congratulations. I think you guys won tonight. Let's go back to rachel in chris. 
>> Appreciate it, chris. Richard engle is with us from washington. I know you were able to watch tonight's debate. I want to ask you, do you think there was significant policy news made tonight? I was surprised to hear mitt romney change his tune on afghanistan but what did you think was the most important thing? 

[00:54:16]


>> There seemed to be several policy points. One, that the setting of the deadline from mitt romney that you just talked about. Two, I thought it was the first time we heard such a strong line coming from president obama vis-a-vis pakistan. He said that if pakistan -- if the u.S. Had asked for pakistani help to find bin laden they wouldn't have gotten it. That's a harder line than usually the united states is really cautious whendeals with pakistan. I thought thatwas very -- president obama was very decisive when it came to iran and he looked to the camera and said, if I remain president, iran or under my presidency, iran will not obtain a nuclear weapon and said that as soon as the international community pointedly in his emphasis, not just israel buthe international community determines that iran is going to reach this breakout cape pa built, there will be some action. Search talking about until now the president of having an advantage of being president, of setting foreign policy, of having all of the intelligence and that's all true. But he also has some limitations in that what he says is policy, so he can't go far off to extremes. Those are just some of the policy questions. There are other observations. I was watching this debate with a large group of university students here. D I can tell you when that line came about military spending and mitt romney said, well, our navy is not as strong as it was in 1916 because back then we had more ships and the president said, well, we don't have as many horses or bayonets eier, there was a big round of applause. And one thing that resonated with me was a basic inconsistency with the -- that i thought coming from mitt romney. In the beginning, I thought governor romney's approach, his initial outline was strong, saying that the middle east is unstable right now, which it is, that there's a lot of chaos, which it is and it has not necessarily yielded results that the united states sees a benefit to and I think that's possible. How this situation in the middle east ends upset telling out, we don't exactly know. But all of those initial statements are true. But then when asked by bob schieffer, he would have thrown mubarak under the bus. So if you agree with that, you're kind of undermining your entire argument. If it's the arab spring has been a horrible thing and then you go on to say, yes, but I also would have agreed and pushed mubarak under the bus, I think that was a keep contradiction that underlined what was initially the strongest part of his argument. 

[00:57:26]


>> And those internal contradictions to me play to a larger question of whether or not there is just fundamental seriousness on the issue of foreign policy on the part of the republican ticket and i think those questions are going to linger over into tomorrow. But in terms of the case that president obama made, you highlighted, richard, you said that he took this very clear line on pakistan that if we had told pakistan that we were going to get bin laden, we would not have ended up getting him. In your estimation -- 
>> that was news. If I was going to put a headline, well, I hadn't heard that before. And that's a clear policy decision. 
>> Do you think it's factually true, given what you know about pakistan and the region and about the treatment of al qaeda militants by the military services? Is he right that if we had told them, we wouldn't have gotten him? 
>> Look, you can't know what might have happened if something had been done that wasn't done and therefore didn't happen. It's impossible to know. But I know at the time that there were great concerns that if the united states told the pakistani authority and gave them forewarning that, one, they might not have been given the green line and, two, if they were given the green light, that the target, in this case, osama bin laden, would have been wis whisked away to another target. If you believe that and I know some officials who have intelligence on this operation, then it appears to be true. 
>> You can't prove it but it's a window into their strategic thinking on this. Richard engel, thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> A lot more to ask cover tonight as we examine the facts. There's some news that we can report about the somewhat contentious exchange about governor romney and president obama. Fact checking its own candidate on that point. This is the live coverage of the final presidential debate. 

[00:59:32]


>> When it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the foreign policies of THE 1980s, JUST LIKE THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s AND 1920s. I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. ] 
[ Female Announcer ] SOME People like to pretend a flood could never happen to them. And that their homeowners insurance protects them. 
[ Thunder crashes ] it doesn't. Stop pretending. Only flood insurance covers floods. ??? ??? visit floodsmart.Gov/pretend to learn your risk. );#a????]<??kKe'I A8 ));#a a2 a0 )0);#A'iAh )A0 
(0);#a Ar 
(;#A/2(0@haf );#a!k@??$2@h %!e 8 ))0'IAh?? % +iAh 
( @n 3?(;#A );#a Og);#a3? A2 />+939);#a@r$fAr AnA:i??g<);#a????@2 ?? IEkaA> A8 

[01:03:05]


>>> anybody out there can check the record. Governor romney, you keep on trying to air brush history. You were very clear that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said that you could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would have gone through -- 
>> you're wrong. 
>> No, I am not wrong. I am not wrong. 
>> You can look it up. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> People have lked it up. People have looked it up and then asked the romney campaign to explain what it was they were talking about. Howard fineman is one of those people who joins us om the spin room to explain how that worked out. Howard? 
>> Well, rachel, I had a pretty long conversation with rob portman about this. Not only is he from ohio, a meticulous kind of guy, but he knows that ohio is what this is about when we're talking about the auto industry. And the obama people insist, and I think with good reason, that mitt romney was just flat outlying, not to put too fine a point on it, on the question of whether he, mitt romney, was willing to support direct federal help, the kind of help that the president put forth, for the auto industry. And in talking to rob portman, i went at him on this and he said, well, I'm going to send you the op ed again and I pressed him on it and he said, romney was willing to support backup guarantees. He was willing to have government support for for warranties and so forth. To me that was cutting it too fine by half and it sounded to me like rob portman was not only defensive about it but sort of trying to cut it very, very fine and this really matters, rachel, so we're down to the short strokes in ohio. The auto industry bailout and rescue is one of the president's most important if not best calling card on the economy t matters in ohio. Mitt romney has to win ohio. President obama has to win ohio and that's why mitt romney was willing to say flatly what he said in the debate tonight, was to put it generously in an overstatement. 

[01:05:18]


>> Howard fineman, thank you for that. We'll do our best to get a more formal follow- up from the romnampaign to find out if he's walking back that statement or whether or not mitt romney misspoke or does in fact stick by what he said in the debate. It was striking that that exchange between the two candidates ended with mr. Romney insisting that we will -- everybody will look this up. We will go to the record on this. 
>> I thought the biggest key in that answer was the president talked about private equity money. It wasn't available. It wasn't there. There were no taker. No one from wall street, no one 
-- no adelsons, and no bain. No one was willing to stand up and sa you know what, we believe in the american workers and we're going to manufacture vehicles in this country. There was no money out there. The only chance it was going to happen is if the president were to take treasury money and move it forward and make it a enlo. You can call it a bailout but it's a loan that is being paid back and, guess what, the united states treasury is going to make money on what we're doing in this country and the president 
-- I was at his press conference. Said, I don't want to be in the car business. You know, you've got to grasp what's going on here. I don't want to be in the car business but this is the only way that we're going to save jobs. The ripple effect is where president obama is going to be helped with white male workers in ohio, the steel, the plastics, the rubber, aluminum, all of the things -- the centers. All of the electronics, anything that goes into manufacturing automobiles. It's the ripple effect that the president was concerned about if he had not put that money forward. 
>> The big picture on the auto bailout, not just for the states where it affects manufacturing jobs but for the overall state of the economy and whether this idea of if mitt romney is a good steward of the economy means anything substantively. The alone worked. The auto industry is in great shape and what they are fighting over is whether or not mitt romney really was against it and he did right an op ed, let detroit go bankrupt, or whether he can share in some of president obama's credit for what president obama cleanly won with. It's a winning story for president obama no matter how the romney campaign tries to glom on to it. 

[01:07:31]


>> And the irony on this and the perspective of people who want to say that they add here to free market economics, the stimulus policy, which was much more diffuse and much more direct and much more hueing to sound economic management which gives people tax cuts and you don't go in and give people money, that was much more popular because it was much more diffuse. If you're going to go in there, go in there and take over the company because then you can point concretely to every one of those jobs. But if you do something like the stimulus, your opponents are going to kill you for it. 
>> Steve schmidt, looking ahead, you were I think more bullish on how mitt romney did in this debate than most the people at the table were, which is a matter of politics than perception. As we're an hour now from when the debated ended, what do you think day two and day 3 stories about? 
>> I think you need to look at the debates in their totality. It's not one, two, and three. And in the totality of the debates, mitt romney went into looking into the abyss politically before the first debate, comes out of this debate in an even race and this whole election, as pointed out a bit ago, is going to come down to ohio. So this a hugely important issue. Who is best able to articulate it? Could be the difference in the election. I think that mitt romney tonight, he had to pass the commander in chief test. Is this is a person who can handle the responsibilities of being commander in chief? Does he have the requisite temperment? Did he con pay that in the debate tonight and I think absolutely he did. So therefore I think the debate is a success. You can look at all of the flip-flops, all of the issues that we've talked about. I think it's going to be very difficult to make them stick politically over the next two weeks. I don't think that trying to make them stick is going to be an effective line of attack for the obama campaign but we'll see. 

[01:09:36]


>> I think that you're asking exactly the right questions and the reason I see mitt romney as having done a lot of damage to himself tonight is because i think he has failed to display the necessary seriousness on this issue and you don't get to decide whether you're going to be a foreign policy president or a domestic policy president. The world has ways of bending you to its will. His lack of preparation is the basic factual errors. The fact that he doesn't seem to have any known positions on it and including the war that we're in, I feel like, we knew you were foreign policy lightweight heading into this, you just proved that you are a foreign policy lightweight and you've been cramming for a week. I find it -- I think the commander in chief test was a test tonight and I don't feel partisan to say that. 
>> And it will come down to whether the president was incredibly articulate when he was doing it tonight, I think he made the case as effectively as he could. You've been all over the map on these issues. The great secretary of state, george schultz said, the most important foreign policy decision that ronald reagan ever made was to fire the air traffic controllers after he said he was going to do it. He said, that sent a message to the kremlin that there was a new guy in town and that guy did what he said he was going to do. That was the attack that president obama was trying to level against mitt romney tonight. That he was inconsistent, not a man of his word, he's unclear, he's on all sides of the issues. I think that mitt romney's demeanor in this debate nullified that attack. I could wrong on it but we'll see in the days ahead whether this stops mitt romney's momentum because mitt romney has momentum in this race since october. 
>> Style points. 
>> I think that we must also deal with the character of someone that we want to see as commander in chief. If the perception is that facing your opponent you will just clench and embrace and agree, do you really want, if you believe iran is a threat, if you really believe that we're still dealing with some of the remnants of al qaeda, that guy at the table that will just clench and embrace his opponent, who stood for nothing in 90 minutes of debate, he stood for nothing. Not one time. And whether I agree or disagree 

[01:11:52]


-- and I realize steve is talking as a strategist, whether I agree or disagree, I want him to stand for something. This guy was jello tonight. He did not only not know foreign policy, had he no backbone on any foreign policy position and took back everything he stood for. I would be afraid to send him into a negotiation for me. 
>> Chuck todd has spoken to both campaigns tonight since the debate and joins us now from the spin room. Chuck? 
>> Well, rachel, what is interesting to hear from the spin is if what they say and the body language with which they convey it, I think what is interesting with the romney campaign, we had a strategy tonight and we executed it. We weren't going to follow the charges of the president. We weren't going to take the bait and have these specific debate. We weren't going to get into this back and forth. He had a goal tonight to meet the commander in chief test and okay. They are not claiming victory tonight. They are simply claiming they passed a bar and, look, I think to your point, it was interesting at times. I felt like he was giving a book report, that there were a lot of world book facts that would show up in some of his answers. And that was clearly their strategy. They were acting as if they were on a trajectory -- they think they are on a trajectory to win so don't do anything to interrupt that trajectory. I can tell you in talking to some of the foreign policy heavyweights, they were disappointed in romney, and whether it's the disagreements why didn't he go after the president on this or that, they just don't think that he articulated anything. He went in there with this decision to send a message and we could say that he was targeting suburban woman and that was what he was doing, agreeing with the president on a whole number of levels. As for the obama campaign, they feel that they were aggressive. I think you can look at their body language and they decided that they could be aggressive tonight. They didn't want to have a wasted opportunity given that there seems to be a concern about the trajectory of this race over the last couple of weeks and I think that they definitely had this plan and they feel like they executed that and it was amazing. I think that they were amazed and I've talked to some and tough on zingers. And whether they were too snarky or not, but romney never responded to them and that seemed a little meek. I was surprised by that. 

[01:14:30]


>> Chuck, just briefly, has there been any sort of factual updating or crossing t's and dotting I's on some of the stuff like saying that syria is iran's path to the sea when syria doesn't have a border with iran? 
>> I saw that one. And we're talking about the different ways to -- yes. But I think substantively, there are two things that jumped out at me factually that deserve a longer conversation. It was the first time we heard from mitt romney that he would have done the same thing that the president did with mubarak. Look, it's one of the most consequential decisions that barack obama made as president, which was to push mubarak out. It was a big deal when it happened. It has consequences for any american president, saudi arabia, this is going to have consequences. Romney has at times wanted to criticize that decision and then tonight decided to back off of it completely. I think that was not a reversal but something new to me and then the afghanistan position, that was almost felt like a change in position when it came to afghanistan about getting folks out in 2014. So on the factual front I think that that will -- the afghanistan answer will get a focus. But by the way, let's not let the auto bailout -- I think that was a tell. We want to talk about battleground states, about ohio, so right at the end the question is about china and the president goes through the litany of issues and how he's gotten tough on china. Brings out the auto bailout and romney chooses only to respond to the auto bailout. Why? That to me was a tell. They know they are behind in ohio, they've got to fix this and it's all about -- I tell folks it's all about toledo. Romney is losing in toledo because the auto worker there and president outperforming with white men. Romney has made up in southeast ohio but not in toledond i thought it was an interesting tell, romney was offensive and took the bail on auto bailout. I don't know if he helped himself because his answer was a little all over the place. He started crediting president bush with the bailout and then said he agreed with it but clearly they have to fix the auto bailout answer. 

[01:16:43]


>> Chuck todd, thank you. I think that's going to get a lot of attention in the next 24 hours. Lots and lots to come. Stay with us. MSNBC's LIVE COVERAGE OF THE Final presidential debate. We'll be right back. 

[01:20:42]


>>> Just a few weeks ago you indicated we should still have troops in iraq. 
>> I indicated that you failed to put in place a status of forces agreement at the end of the conflict. 
>> You gave a speech a few weeks ago which you said we should still have troops in iraq. 
>> Not just a disagreement on policy but a factual disagreement on whether that happened. Mr. Obama said mr. Romney wanted troops on the ground a few weeks ago. What does the record tell us? 
>> They were both still wrong. Romney made this criticism of obama. I think we have the tape of it here. 
>> America's abilities to influence events for the better in iraq have been undermined by the abrupt withdrawal. 
>> It's difficult to listen to that. Romney has criticized obama for not having up to 20 or 25,000 troops left in iraq. With that said it's case of president obama did want to leave around 3500 troops in iraq. He was a bit evasive on that tonight. That agreement was not agreed to by the iraqis and it died in the water. It's an interesting moment where both men who worked for or argued we should have some level of troop presence, romney more so than obama were denying having held that position this evening. 
>> Which is worse than disagreeing on it. On the subject of american influence in the world, mr. Romney made a very checkable assertion here. 
>> Unfortunately, nowhere in the world is america's influence greater today than it was four years ago. 
>> Is that a checkable thing? Is that something on which we have data and we can say that's true or not true? 
>> We have graph on it. This comes from a pew poll that was done in six countries around the world. It looked at range of questions. What do you think of american technology? Ways of doing business if you look at the change from '07 to 2012, of every single measure the change was positive. On the ones most direct analogies are ways of doing business and countries feel about our ideas spreading there, you see most of them higher, even double digits. It's hard to say what do you mean when we measure but when you talk about the way people think about us in the world, there's no doubt based on the best polling evidence, america is doing better than it was five years ago on range of metrics and range of questions. 

[01:23:28]


>> Even things that sound like platitudes are more interesting when you chase down the the data behind them. Ed, you can see the obama campaign is bullish too. How did they try to make political capital. 
>> Obviously the president was strong tonight. The president also sent a message tonight. He told us about iran that everything's on the table and the clock is ticking. Now there's a lot of latitude there. He's given himself a lot of room. I could take that as an interpretation that the president told us that he might strike the iranians if things get out of hand. He told us tonight he would not allow them to have a nuclear weapon. He gave about the best ally talk he could give to the israelis tonight. 
>> Chris. 
>> I think he did what he wanted to do politically. He used the power and authority of incumbency and the fact that a lot of his policy decisions have been broadly popular to cow his opponent who had nothing. I was just amazed at how inretreat mitt romney seemed all night. It's a huge missed opportunity. There's a lot you can go after. 
>> He just hugged him instead. 
>> I think he hugged and clinched. He really has no substance. 
>> Big picture, encompassing both of them. Is romney better off tonight or worse off? 
>> I think he's the same maybe better off because he didn't make a mistake and getting over that commander in chief bar. I think the romney campaign applied that as their only metric and they met that. 

[01:25:33]


>> I think I could not disagree more. You're making a coaching case. I think the american people after 11 years of war in afghanistan and counting have high expectations of people not spinning bullpucky. I wanted a strong debate on that subject. I want to thank you. WE'LL BE BACK ON NOVEMBER 6th, Election night. Right now chris matthews continues our debate coverage. Don't go anywhere. gas meltaways, or treat gas with these after you get it. Now that's like sunblock before or sun burn cream later. Oh, somebody out there's saying, now I get it! Take beano before and there'll be no gas. 

[01:29:59]


>>> My first job as commander in chief is to keep the american people safe. That's what we've done over the last four years. 
>> The debates are over. It ended with an odd spectacle here. We saw mitt romney seeking a peaceful planet. Romney did he has best to echo presidenama's positions and moved sharply to the center. Romney endorsed the president's foreign licy record saying he agreed with him in setting a hard deadline on leaving afghanistan, on iran, on egypt. The president had a different strate. He accused romney of trying to air bush his own history. 
>> I'm glad he agreed with the steps we're taking. There's been times where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did but you'd say them louder and that would make a difference. 
>> He hit romney for his lack of consistency on issues and his change of rhetoric on issues like iraq. Let's watch. 
>> I indicated that you failed to put in place a status forces agreement at the end of the conflict. 
>> Here is one thing. 
>> Let him answer. 
>> Here is one thing I've learned. You've got to be clear to our allies and our enemies about where you stand. You just gave a speech a few weeks ago in which you said we should still have troops in iraq. 
>> Tonight, let's assess where things stand. We have news right off the bat. According to an instant poll of cbs news it was a clear winner tonight. It was president obama. 53% said he won. Only 23% said romney won. A cnn poll of debate watchers gave the president an eight point margin, 48 to 40. We have the huffington post joining us. I want to start with howard, first of all. Howard, it looked like romney was willing to buckle on every point so he could come off more of a centrist person. He put his positions, policies and a blind trust. 

[01:32:22]


>> Then he locked it and threw away the key. 
>> How does he get away with that in politics? 
>> By utter self-confidence and willingness to be called every name in the book. 
>> Except right winger. 
>> Except right winger and warmonger. Talking to two of his aids right after the debate they had two or three goals. One was to avoid a terrible foreign policy gaffe that would be the headline in the newspaper and the headlines tomorrow. I think on that very low level on foreign policy mitt romney probably succeeded. They also wanted to portray him as a moderate peacemaker, man of peace who wouldn't put the finger on the button and in order to address undecided female voters in key states. 
>> Let's go to ohio. You caught some news here tonight. The president went after romney from running from his past statements. He was a strong attack going after what romney said in the past about bin laden. 
>> When it comes to going after bin laden you said any president would make that call, but when you were a candidate in 2008, as I was, I said if I got bin laden in our sights, I would take that shot. You said we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man and we should ask pakistan for permission. If we asked pakistan for permission we wouldn't have gotten him. 
>> We've been watching ohio as the key state. Let's take a look. You brought up something after the debate. Let's watch what happened in the debate when the president cornered his challenger on the issue of opposing the auto rescue. 
>> I'm a son of detroit. I was born in detroit. My dad was head of car company. I like american cars. I would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. My plan to get the industry on its feet when it was in real trouble was not to start writing checks. It was president bh that wrote the first checks. I said they need to go through managed bankruptcy and in that process they can get government help and government guarantees but they need to go through bankruptcy to get rid of excess cost and the debt burden they built up. 

[01:34:47]


>> Governor romney that's not what you said. 
>> You can take a look at the op-ed. 
>> You did not say you would provide help. 
>> I said we would provide guarantees and that's what was able to allow these companies to go through bankruptcy and come out of bankruptcy. Under no circumstances would i do anything other than to help this industry get on its feet. The idea that has been suggested that I would liquidate the industry, of course not. That's the height of silliness. 
>> Let's check the record. The people of detroit don't forget. 
>> How do you provide guarantees if there's no loans to be made or gotten. 
>> The obama campaign jumped on this right afterwards. In the midst of the debate saying mitt romney is lying about this. I went to rob portman who played barack obama, helped prepare from ohio and knows the details. I questioned him. Near as I could figure out his explanation he was saying read the op-ed piece. The famous piece that mitt romney wrote. There's a mention of federal help to back of warranties for cars and do other things after bankruptcy. The whole point that the obama people werf making and the president made is that the private sector was not going to -- they were never going to give the money. They would never release cash. Without government guarantees up front none of it was going to happen. That's the point. That's what mitt romney who desperately trying to get votes in ohio. 
>> The banks wanted to be paid. 
>> It's all about ohio. 
>> The newspapers aren't going to pick up on this. Who is he talking to with this ridiculous concession is this. 
>> I don't think he was necessarily talking to the auto workers in ohio who have decided. Once again he's going for undecided voters so he doesn't look like a mean guy. 

[01:36:49]


>> This is what he did on birth control the other day. He said I'm not going to deny people birth control. It's not the legality. It's for it being paid for by employers. He changes the definition to skip by it for people that aren't paying attention. 
>> Given the momentum that the president has lost and the momentum that romney has gained he's effectively playing to that middle. He's playing that middle card. 
>> The lower information voter. 
>> It's not about the lower information voter. It's part of the conversation that we have is no different than when obama attacked hillary's left during their primary and tacked back to the center and started quoting reagan and lincoln. 
>> Is he pulling fast one to say you supported the auto industry when you didn't? 
>> These guys find themselves in different cross hairs at different times. I think you have mitt romney making that play to seal the case going into ohio. 
>> Joy, thanks for joining us. This is what I've been hearing all night. I understand what you have to do when you're on the wrong side of the argument but the new argument anything he says is fine. Anything he covers up is fine because this is an election two weeks from now. They say it's two weeks from now. It's the two-minute drill. You can say anything you want to say. That seems to be the argument tonight. 
>> I thought what steve was saying was extraordinary admission of how the political consultant world looks at elections that the content doesn't matter is long as he used this vacuum cleaner's approach. If you don't need a vacuum for your carpet, how about for your floors. If you don't need it for your floors, this blows up balloons. It's a sales pitch. It betrays a stunning lack of core principles. He's thrown away all the constituencies that have brought him this way. He tried to slink out of the grass. What does he stand for? I thought he sounded like he's voting for barack obama when it came to foreign policy. 

[01:39:11]


>> I think she's right. Mitt romney is now saying nobody knows what I believe at all. It's all so confusing. Don't worry. 
>> Chris, can I just say -- 
>> I'll blow which ever way the wind is blowing. 
>> Held onto him tight and kept him in his grip. He got him to back this 800 ship navy. Take a look at this. You can have the first grab at this. This is when the president used some real humor. It has to do with the back and forth on the military budget and the vy. Obama had one of his strongest lines of the night. It was prepared but god help him. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than 1917. They said they needed 317 ships. We're now under 285. We're headed down to the low 200s. That's unacceptable to me. I want to make sure we have the ships required. 
>> I think governor romney hasn't spent enough time at looking how our military works. You mentioned the navy and we have fewer ships. We also haveewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have aircraft carriers where planes land on them. Weave ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. The question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. It's what are our capabilities. 
>> Joy. Joy to the world. 
>> That was my favorite line of the night and the president said romney wants the foreign -- 
>> why was it your favorite? 
>> It was funny and I thought it just crushed romney. It made it look like he crammed for this last night. That navy thing was about virginia. It was saying virginia I'm going to get you some more navy ships. This pinpoint marketing strategy. 
>> It's perfect. 
>> He said you want the foreign policy of the '80s, the social policy of the '50s and the economic policy of the '20s. Barack obama walked voters who haven't been paying attention through the various flip-flops. He exposed romney has being shallow in his understanding and knowledge of the key issue here which is we're not spending enough on the military. 

[01:41:37]


>> Do you think it's possible that a politician could go into tonight with the idea of playing it like a xylophone. Let me do something for virginia. Let me hit that ohio number. 
>> Why not? There are constituent parts to this. I get your cynicism but the fact of the matter is what romney did tonight was very effective in some respects and thatdid. It shows the difficulty of sitting on the stage with the president of the united states on an issue like foreign policy. I thought he was effective in the discuss on china where he laid out his vision and view in terms of how he would handle iran and this nuclear capacity. Gentlemen, everybody's had chance to talk. Can I get a moment to make a point. 
>> Sure. 
>> Give me the second to say this. 
>> Keep it short. 
>> I get the point that everybody wants to rah, rah obama did great job, but at the end of the day these two men went toe to toe. While romney didn't score the big points on the first night, scored the points he needed to score. He was at the table and in the game on foreign policy and something that you and man others wanted to discount him. Say what you want. The reality is he stood up with the president and got some shots in. The president was on the defensive on a few issues. 
>> Can I give one fine detail. 
>> I think the fact they were sitting at a table together made it romney to engage in that flagrant disrespect he showed the second debate. Hold on. You'll get your turn. 
>> Romney actually had the opposite strategy which was to agree with the president on virtually everything. He did that as a way to minimize -- 

[01:43:43]


>> it's called clinching. 
>> It's like in boxing. He's draped himself all over the president. Did not show any kind of definition of his own vision. 
>> Not only that -- 
>> give joy a chance. Double points. Howard talks about the boxer. It doesn't look that be good. 
>> If we're going to talk about finer points. Let me put one fin point. The sweating was distracting. He came in with a strategy of getting into barack obama's pocket and tucking himself in there the whole night. He didn't throw a punch. At one point he looked to be almost pleading to get more time to respond to a point the president made. I didn't see a single shot he got in that wasn't strongly and sternly rebutted. I don't think you meet the commander in chief test just by sitting in close proximity. 
>> We're not wching the same debate. 
>> Let's give a shout out tw bob sheffer got romney to be quiet. To stop it. 
>> Thank you. Howard you're great. Michael you're great. 
>> I'm okay. 
>> Good night for joy. Joy to the world. 
>> I know my role here. 
>> You're supposed to lose by 15 points. Coming up, more from boca raton. 
>>> Every time you've offered an opinion you've been wrong. ?????? ?????? want my recipe for healthier hair color? Natural instincts! Formulated with aloe, vitamin and antioxidants natural instincts has a system that's a healthier way to radiant color. Indulge... With natural instincts. Less guilt, more gorgeous. 

[01:49:15]


>>> I absolutely believe that america has a sponsibility and the privilege of helping defend freedom and promote the principles that make the world more peaceful. 
>> Welcome back to your reward for staying up late. Our live midnight version of "hardball" live from boca raton, florida. The man we saw on stage tonight wasn't a hawk at all. He spoke of peace a lot and troop withdrawal and war being a last resort. Both are msnbc analysts. Quick thoughts from both you he was channelling the late george McGovern. 
>> I thought he was going to say let's all sing. 
>> Why did he do it? 
>> To sound nonthreatening and not make mistakes and appeal to women voters. 
>> Aren't they upset? 
>> They've given him pass. 
>> There is no joy in neo conville tonight. GO BACK TO john McCain's speech at the convention. He ticked off about six possible wars in the next five days. On day one when mitt romney comes there was none of that talk even on things like syria and afghanistan. Issues were the neocons have laid out policies and have drawn mitt romney in that direction. He just threw them under the bus. 
>> Here is a guy that wants to get tough with china. He sees russia as a big world enemy who says we should have not been leading from behind in libya. We should get out front in some form or other in syria and take on iran the minute they have the capability, they already do. Hawkish on every front and tonight he said war should be the last resort. He said he wants to live on a peaceful planet. The language was soft and wonderful. 

[01:51:22]


>> It was all about reducing or eliminating contrast. He didn't want contrast. 
>> He wants to win on the economy. 
>> I spoke to a romney person they didn't want the debate to be interesting. They wanted it to be boring. 
>> Let's take a look at romney's foreign policy tonight because you may never see it again. 
>> We don't want another iraq or afghanistan. Seeing syria remove assad is a very high priority for us. Seeing a replacement government being responsible people is critical for us. Finally, we don't want to have military involvement there. We need to increase pressure time and time again on iran because anything other than a solution to this which stops this nar folly of theirs is unacceptable to america and of course a military action is the last resort. It's something one would only consider if all of the other avenues had been tried to their full extent. 
>> He even supported somewhere tonight biral talks. 
>> This is crazy. He says we don't want another iraq. The question should have been excuse me, didn't you support the war in iraq. You're saying that was a mistake if you don't want another one. He went so far in the reverse direction of everything he's ever said it was like I'm surprised he doesn't whiplash. He should be treated at the emergency center at this point right now. 
>> It is stunning because I go back to this, he has conservatives. The most anti-obama people are watching tonight. Are they willing to say whatever it takes? Got to buckle this guy as long as it beats him. 
>> I guess a lot of people are saying that. People who are going to vote for him are not going to do it primarily on foreign policy or how he's going to change foreign policy. They're going to do it because of the economy especially those independentsld go either way. They're not hanging on his every word. 

[01:53:40]


>> They hate obama more than they do al qaeda? 
>> Well. 
>> I mean they don't hate al qaeda. 
>> I don't want to make that comparison. 
>> A few days ago I was talking to someone about the obama campaign about the last debate and their whole message was to hit the theme we're bringing troops home and he wants troops to stay in afghanistan and iq. That's what obama wanted to do. Tonight the romney campaign made it harder for them to make that argument because he kept saying whatever you want. Whatever you want mr. President. 
>> This is his peaceful talk tonight. Let's watch. 
>> Our purpose is to make sure the world is peaceful. The mantle for promoting the principles of peace is falling to america. We didn't ask for it but it's an honor that we have it. For us to promote those principles of peace requires up to be strong. That begins with a strong economy here at home and the economy is not stronger. When the president of iraq -- of iran says that our debt makes us not a great country that's a frightening thing. We have weakened our economy. We need a strong economy. We need to have a strong military. Our military is second to none in the world. We're blessed with terrific soldiers but the idea of a trillion dollars in cuts would change that. 
>> Extraordinary intelligence. Giving that one away. 
>> He figured those were cards that were not worth as much to him. He could just toss them into the card pile. 
>> Concede the principle. Whatever they want to here. 
>> It's buzz words. Leadership, strong. 

[01:55:41]


>> Is this going to matter tonight? 
>> I think it might matter some. It was a real contrast between commander in chief in control and challenger not. 
>> Also obama made -- 
>> does it show the president's strength? 
>> It showed the president being vigorous but he also hit the point that this guy is shifty. 
>> You think he did? 
>> He made that point. I think there are 23 people undecided. Maybe two of them will pick up on that. 
>> It's hard to keep up with romney to decide whether you like him or not. 
>> Wait till thursday. 
>> Thank you. When we return, our focus group of undecided voters, we'll hear from them. I think some of them are leaning toward the president. Stay with us. The final presidential debate. It's over. Stay with us. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that deal in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there and stem the tide of this violence.?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 

﻿Title: MSNBC Special Coverage - Debate Analysis
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

?????????????????????????? 
>>> now for some instant reaction with go to ron allen with a focus group. The results are? 
>> Very informal. This is not scientific. A big night for obama. How many of you thought that president obama won the debate? Won debate. You think it was a draw? 
>> I believe it was a draw. 
>> Did anybody think mitt romney won the debate? Not at all. We also have some deciders from this undecided group. Matt you say you're going to vote for president obama. Why? 
>> I saw the president is decisive when he spoke about his actions against bin laden. Made that decision. He knows wt he's doing and he had to go against some of his cabinet. 
>> You were in new york on 9/11. 
>> His comments about the young lady who was four and is now 14. 
>> You were firmly for mitt romney even though you thought he lost. 
>> I thought obama did a great job but I felt very, it was very interesting to see romney's views on still bringing in the economy with foreign issues. 

[00:02:03]


>> Because the economy is very important. There's a big unemployment rate. Everybody knows somebody who has been hit by the foreclosure crisis. Jane, you came in leaning for romney. You're leaving leaning for the president. 
>> Right. 
>> What happened? 
>> I was impressed by his focus and strategies related to foreign policy. I believe the president wears many different hats and leader of the free world is a big hat he wears. 
>> Joe, you came in the other way. You were leaning towards obama and now you lean toward romney. Why? 
>> I think romney is going to be good for the country. I think he may have the plan t pick the country back up and put it back into a working -- 
>> it's more about the economy than anything you heard tonight? 
>> It's the economy. 
>> Up in the back, david. You said you have a brother who's in the national guard. It was all about the commander in chief. Who is the better commander in chief in your mind? 
>> I felt like they were the same. Obama would say something and romney would say I'm going to do the same thing but a little bit stronger. I didn't see a lot of difference in how they were going to lead. 
>> A lot of you said the same thing. A lot of people commented on how mitt romney said yes the president is right on that particular thing. You're a palestinian america. There's a lot of talk about the middle east. Who did you think prevailed tonight given your heritage and your perspective on the world? 
>> I think both candidates came away with the same message. They were tailoring a mee to the israeli public than the american citizens. 
>> Did that concern you? 
>> Yes. The moderator brought up the red line with regards to israel, it's concerning that we're measuring them by a red line to israel than to the american safety and our soldiers. 
>> Okay. Chris, wants to jump in here. 
>> Ron, I thought the president was very aggressive tonight. I thought he was really going at romney. He wanted to pick a fight with him. Romney had big 16 ounce gloves. He didn't want to cause any trouble. How did people react to that aggressiveness tonight? 

[00:04:26]


>> What do you think about that? 
>> I think it was great. I think that's what he needed to do. He's been very subdued. 
>> He didn't convince you to vote for him. 
>> He didn't convince me. I came in 50/50. He leaned me in that direction. 
>> You weren't convinced by that, rose. He's been commander in chief for four years. You're leaning more towards romney, aren't you? 
>> I am. I'm going to have to really decide in the next couple of weeks and just really -- 
>> you don't feel any pressure to decide even though 700,000 of your closest friends in the state have voted. 
>> I have two more weeks. Election day hasn't come yet. 
>> Chris, president obama won a lot of leaners. Three leaning towards romney. Still a few folks just happily undecided and so goes florida and its 29 votes. 
>> Ron, I've watched all four of your focus groups and even though there's a lot of undecided it was the most decisive. That's very useful to us. It corresponds to all three national polls who said obama won tonight. You're in very popular company. It's great to do this with you. Thank you so much. His focus group was great. This is coverage of the final presidential debate. 
>> If I'm president of the united states, when I'm president of the united states, we will stand with israel. If israel is attacked we have their back not just diplomatically but militarily. 

[00:10:02]


>>> America remains the one indispensable nation and the world needs a strong america, and it's stronger now than when I came into office. 
>> We're back from boca raton. The third and final presidential debate is over. Let's listen from the spin room. 
>> David, who wrote the horses and bayonets line. The line of the night. 
>> The president comes up with the best lines. 
>> That's the official spin. I said I looked for memorable lines. That's the line people at work are easily going to be able to remember. Do you think it's more than just a quip? 
>> I do. Governor romney wants to spend more than $2 trillion than the generals want. I think that illustrated a point and he talks about our navy and our capabilities as if it is the last century. I think for someone who has auditioned to be commander in chief that ought to frighten people because he doesn't have a grasp this is about capability and new technology. He views it through the rear view mirror. 
>> If there was one sensational that you were trying to deliver, what would that be? 
>> There's two. The president made clear iraq and how to go after bin laden, timelines on afghanistan. Romney was wrong. Governor romney has been wrong. No matter what he tries to do tonight, he's been wrong. When you're commander in chief you have to be steady. You don't get multiple choices to get it right. The president was strong. That was a commander in chief there. We thought governor romney was unsteady and fairly reckless in his language. 

[00:12:08]


>> How surprised were you at the new agreements that you got with governor romney tonight? Afghanistan specifically. 
>> It's his fourth position. You can't trust him. He'll have a new position next week. This president has one position. He's going to end this war in 2014 in part because we've decimated al qaeda. You look at governor ry you saw a politician not a commander in chief. I think that's going to worry people all across america. 
>> On what is the now afghanistan agreement between president obama and mitt romney, I want you to think about it as you're in a unique situation as having been a campaign having been a campaign tactician and work in the white house. With just looking at it tactically is it the correct thing for mitt romney to say at this point. What would you be saying if he was disagreeing with the president on afghanistan. 
>> He should say what he believes. His running mate got in an exchange with biden on this very issue. Paul ryan was pretty clear it depends on 2014. Maybe they didn't like how that exchange went. You're hiring a commander in chief. If someone has been unsteady on -- he was against the timeline and now he's for it, this is not someone you can trust. I think at the end of the day presidential elections are about issues. They are also about character and trust and leadership. I think the president was someone the american people will look at and say this is a commander in chief we trust. Governor romney looks at these issues through politics. That's a very dangerous thg. 
>> I could see what the romney tactic was on bin laden. It was to mention him first. It was about force it in to mitt romney's very first answer. He gave the president credit for getting bin ladeping we're done with that for the debate. The president waited an hour before bringing it back up and driving it home the way he wanted to drive it home. Is that the single most powerful solution you have of the president's strength and resolve in foreign policy and in these kinds of tactical decisions he has to make as president? 

[00:14:33]


>> Many of the al qaeda leaders have been taken off the battlefield. It's not just bin laden. On bin laden, romney was wrong twice. He criticized the president in 2008 by saying when the president would go into pakistan to get him. Romney said no. We don't want tooy our friends was his quote and he said we need a permission slip from pakistan to get the world's number one terrorist. It's weak. Secondly, he said we shouldn't move heaven and earth. The president said why it's so important that america finish that job. 
>> Did you have a chance to speak with the president after the debate before coming in here? 
>> He feels really good. We've had three debates. I think weon two. We feel we come out of this debate with momentum. It's going to be a very close race here in florida, ohio, iowa, nevada. We've always assumed this will come down to aoint or two. We think we have an edge. We think tonight will help with enthusiasm. Governor romney, I think, did not have a good night. If you had to pick one word it was about strength. President obama looked strong. Governor romney did not. 
>> Thanks for joining us. 
>> Good interview. Much more when we come back. This is msnbc live coverage of the third and final debate. Stay with us. 
>> Governor romney hasaken a different approach throughout this campaign. Both at home and abroad he's proposed wrong and reckless policies. He's praised george bush as a good economic steward. 

[00:19:36]


>>> We've been through tough times but we always bounce back because of our character, because we pull together. If I have the privilege of being your president for another four years, I will always listen to your voices and fight for your families and make sure america continues to be the grst nation on earth. 
>> That was good. Welcome back to our special coverage of the third and final debate. That was part of president obama's closing statement tonight. This is portion of governor romney's. 
>> America is going to come back and for that to happen we're going to have to have a president who can work across the aisle. I was in a sta where my legislature was 78% democrat. We've got to do that in washington. Washington is broken. I know what it takes to get this country back. We'll work with good democrats and good republicans to do that. 
>> Now the third debate is over the candidates begin to sprint to election day. Joining me is martin bashir of the martin bashir show. What a great title. 
>> I thought so. 
>> Did they have a plan to explo it this instead of just doing tours and speeches? 
>> He's going to use the presidency. He's going to go out there. They have a whole strategy over the next 72 hours going to ohio and nevada. 

[00:21:38]


>> Is he going to do stuff by executive order? 
>> I don't know if he'll do that. It looks like a real barn burner. He's do the big rallies. He needs the kids on college campuses. He needs to look like 's ahead and look like -- 
>> is he going to knock off that guy over in benghazi. That wouldn't be a bad move. Drone him. 
>> I don't know if there's going to be an october surprise. Surprisingly mitt romney didn't bring that up tonight. It didn't come up at all. 
>> Martin,onight was going to be benghazi. 
>> I knew he was never going to do that. If you listen to romney he gave you a desire for peace in the world. He talked about ending islamic extremism, really. 
>> Sounded like a democrat. 
>> These were things that were warm, generous, kind. 
>> I liking the way he said help this develop economically and socially after he joined the peace corps. 
>> It was very surprising. Very different from the rhetoric we hear on the stump. He's read the recent poll that shows that 63% of americans want less involvement. 
>> The next two weeks, we have this weekend an another weekend. I'm determined to get somewhere to watch them in action. 
>> Go to ohio. You will catch them there. 
>> Will this be a battle over what? Romney has one strong punch he kept hitting with it tonight. The little riff on the economy. He does the 23 million and how it weakens us abroad. You can't deny the reality of it. He'll keep doing that. 
>> I think he'll keep trying to move toward the center. I think obama is going to keep at 

[00:23:39]


>> it was humiliation in arguing he supported guaranteed when there was nobody lending money. 
>> He doesn't have an argument but he knows that is damaging to him in ohio. He's down fi, six points in most of those recent polls so he's going to spend an awful lot of time there. I think you'll see from the democrats an attempt to paint him as an extremist. 
>> What do you make of this, maybe you don't know, but I'm confounded by bobby's opponent in pennsylvania. I got up this morning. This information I keep getting. It keeps coming. 10 million he's going to spend of his personal money to knock off a guy who can't be beat in 
>> he doesn't have an argument but he knows that is damaging to him in ohio. He's down five, six points in most of those recent polls so he's going to spend an awful lot of time there. I think you'll see from the democrats an attempt to paint him as an extremist. 
>> What do you make of this, maybe you don't know, but I'm confounded by bobby's opponent in pennsylvania. I got up this morning. This information I keep getting. It keeps coming. 10 million he's going to spend of his personal money to knock off a guy who can't be beat in pennsylvania. What is going on? Are they going for broke? 
>> Obviously. 
>> Writing a check for $10 million. 
>> He's following the example of sheldon adelson who spent in excess of $100 millionnd i guess their disdain drives them to reach into their own pocket to do anything. Things that they hope they can injure this president. It's one of the most nasty things about this whole thing. 
>> Did it amaze you he talked about rape not being legitimate? If you're raped then you can't have a kid. They said the senator go fetch. It's dog language in this midst of this environment when everybody is listening for that stuff. 
>> I think the damaging thing not only for todd akin in that race is that democrats are able to connect him to everyone else in the party. 

[00:25:46]


>> Who wants to be in that party? 
>> See women very differently. 
>> Don't you wish we could have more debates? 
>> Honestly I don't. The debates have been controlled to such an extent. If you were moderating it would be like a zoo. 
>> You got to be in that chair. 
>> They never let the bull in the ring the second time. You're saying basically they're too rehearsed. 
>> I think they moved the needle in ways that we didn't think. 
>> We're getting out of afghanistan. They both agree we're getting out in '14. No more debate. 
>> They solved afghanistan. You think karzai heard the news. 
>> There's no point in having another debate because you listen to romney he agrees with the president. 
>> We're going to hear about the horses and the bayonets and boat that is go under water and the planes. Great stuff. Thank you. We'll be right back with more. Two weeks away. Thank you for watching. I'll be back tomorrow at 5:00 and 7:00 eastern for more of that great show "hardball." Good night. anything ?????? ?????? anything, yes, I'd do anything ?????? ?????? anything for you ?????? ?????? ?????? );#a????]<??kKe'I A8 ));#a a2 a0 )0);#A'iAh )A0 

[00:28:35]


(0);#a Ar 
(;#A/2(0@haf );#a!k@??$2@h %!e 8 ))0'IAh?? % +iAh 
( @n 3?(;#A );#a Og);#a3? A2 />+939);#a@r$fAr Ani??g<);#a????@2 ?? IEkaA> A8 

[00:30:47]


>>> this morning on "first look" -- 

﻿Title: NBC 10 News at 5pm
Channel: 10 - WCAUDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/5/2000
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: NBC 10 News Today at 5:30a
Channel: 10 - WCAUDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 8/30/1999
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: NBC Nightly News
Channel: 10 - WCAUDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: New Girl - Models
Description: After a wild night out with Cece and her friends, Jess must fill in for Cece at a car show; Schmidt buys Nick a cookie, leading the guys to question what defines male friendship.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

we're gonna watch Cluelesson VHS, and we're gonna try to make prom dresses out of towels. Obviously, just like we always do. As if! As if is, like, the funniest thing ever. I wish I had a stepbrother to fall in love with. I know, right? Paul Rudd. You know, actually, I thought maybe this year, we could go out, you know? Nadia: We go party tonight. Let dogs out. Catch gypsy. Yeah. Yeah, Nadia wants me to go to this last-minute thing she found out about, so I thought we could all, you know, just go out tonight. You, me, Nadia, the girls. The models? Yes, Jess, the models. Please? You and I have never spent my birthday apart, ever. Except for the one time in seventh grade where you walked out of my sleepover because you claimed... When you struck me in the breast. But I didn't even touch boob, because you know, we all knew you were stuffing... Oh, my God. We were all stuffing. Stuffing? We all stuffed. You've seen my grandmother. I was not stuffing. Yes, we were. It was seventh grade. I've been like this since I was seven. You're... Come out with us tonight! Please, please, please! Okay. Okay. I'll come. Thank you. Mm-hmm. I so excited. I shake this thing that my mama gave me. Yolo! ??? Who's that girl? ??? ??? Who's that girl???? ??? It's Jess. ??? 
(sighs) 
(sighs) 
(whistles) NARRATOR (on TV): The Galapagos tortoise, or Galapagos giant tortoise, Unbelievable... is the largest living species of tortoise... Spectacular. Hey, do you think Jess would be mad if I got a turtle and named it Jess, even though I had that name picked out before she moved in? A turtle? Thinking man's best friend, Schmidty. In our home? Over my turtle-disease-ridden dead body. Whatever, dream killer. What's this? Got you a cookie. What, you have, like...? Have, like, an extra? No. So you just, like, got me a cookie? Yeah, I was thinking about you. What do you mean you were thinking about me? What do you mean? I don't know. I was thinking about you. Think about you a lot, bro. Why? I don't know. Because you're my friend, you're on my mind. What, do you not think about me? Of course not! Oh. Schmidt got me a cookie. Oh. Very nice. What do you guys think? Whoa! 

[00:02:21]


(whistles) Smokin' hot. I'm going out tonight with Cece and her model friends, and I'm going for "promising ballerina turned streetwalker." You have too much joie de vivre. Okay, you want to look a little bit more bored, tired. Just altogether disengaged. More tired-- more, like, sick-like. Really let your bones prop you up. Did you put shoe polish on your eyes? I never understand you women-- God. Eye shadow, man. That's...? Oh, that's makeup? I would take that off. That looks crazy. Can't believe I have to deal with the models just to hang out with Cece. Last time we hung out, it was awful. I figure the best way to talk to models is just point to objects and describe them. The table is round. It's also flat. Yes, the table isround, andit's flat. Oh, look, a lamp. 
(laughs) I love Cece, and these are Cece's friends, so I should be able to get along with them. I should be able to deal with the fact that they think I look like a monkey... from a Russian cracker ad. 
(man singing in Russian) Whatever. It's Cece's birthday. It's her special night. I can get drunk, point at furniture if that means I can spend some quality time with my BFF. Hey, is it totally obvious that I'm not wearing underwear? ??? Because it should be. ??? And that makes two of us. 
(dance music playing) Cece: Hey! You made it! Sorry I'm late. They let in a lot of people ahead of me-- like, a lot. Saving the best for last. Monkey cracker. Monkey cracker. 
(laughs) Monkey, monkey, where you keep the crackers? This is so much fun. Nick: Schmidt? So, it turns out there's more than one type of turtle. I could go Eastern Box, or spur thighed, or nearsighted loner. 
(grunts) 
(laughs) What was that? You just grunt at me? Wasn't a grunt. That was a grunt, Schmidt. It was a "hurumph." A "hurumph" sounds 
like this: Hurumph. I'm sorry if you took it the wrong way; it was not a grunt. Serena Williams. That was a grunt. It's all good, man, all right? It's all "smoove in the groove." Mellow, man. Mega-mellow. Okay. 

[00:04:39]


(sighs) Schmidt, what the hell are you doing? You don't think about me? What are you talking about? Earlier today, when I gave you the cookie, I heard very clearly, "I don't think about you, Schmidt." Why would I think about you?! Because we're friends, we're not animals. We're men, Schmidt! The only time a man is allowed to think about another man is when that man is Jay Cutler. I don't know who Jay Cutler is! Why are you saying "Cutler" like that? And I also don't know what is allowed in the Cold-Hearted Republic of Nick Miller, I do know how I feel. Ugh! And I know how much you love cookies. And I saw it there behind the glass, and I thought, "Nick Miller-- I'm gonna buy him that." If I could give you that cookie back, I would. Nothing would make me happier than to throw it up, mash it into cookie-shape, and shove it down your throat! You wanna mama-bird me the cookie? No, that's not... You wanna mama-bird me the cookie? No. You're not mama-birding anybody any cookie. Schmidt, I don't want to mama-bird you a cookie. What is your problem, Schmidt? No mama-birding here! Okay, I think I got it, okay-- ??? Monkey, monkey ??? ??? Where you keep your cracker? ??? ??? Monkey, monkey, you are comrade best! ??? You know what? The dance is surprisingly sexual for a children's cracker. Do song again-- "Dance Monkey." I don't want to dance... "Dance Monkey." ??? Monkey, monkey ??? ??? Where you keep your crackers? ??? Dance monkey, dance monkey. Cracker, please! Dance monkey. Cracker, please! MODELS (chanting): Monkey! Monkey! No. You know what? Models: Monkey! Monkey! Monkey! Monkey! Monkey! Monkey, monkey, monkey! Dance Monkey... 

[00:08:50]


(chanting) You know what? No! Stop it! I don't want to, okay? I'm done. You guys are the worst! You're the worst. I'm sorry, but it's true. All these racist in-jokes about Romanians. Well, guess what? I'm one-eighth Romanian! Monkey, no! And I don't know why Cece would want to spend her birthday here. It's like years of modeling have made her dumber. Nice, Jess. No! Cece. No, I'm sorry. I didn't... Nick: It's official. We got to turtle-proof this loft. Schmidt cares about you so much, man, and you don't even think about him. Are you being serious right now? Are you really taking Schmidt's side on this? I am, because I know how you are. I just don't know why he would run away. All I ever did was love him. This rock is so round. I'm gonna go put it in a jar. And nothing has changed. Nothing has changed, Nick. You think Schmidt is in the right, and I am in the wrong here? You realize I say good night to you every night, and you never say good night back? No. What is the problem, Nick? Do you not want me to have a good night? I can't just go around saying good night to everyone, and buying people cookies. I am not a titan of finance, sir. Do you know, once a week he goes into your room and cleans it, and then returns everything the way he found it? And I'm weird in this situation? The dirty old T-shirts, which he washes. I didn't ask for that-- I like living in my filthy messes. That's the point, man. You didn't have to ask. Nobody buys people cookies for no reason. You ill don't get it, do you? Nobody. That wasn't a cookie, damn it! That was a... What? Man, that was a piece of his heart. Now, if you don't mind, good... night. I'm sorry, but in my defense, Nadia just spent an hour explaining to me how to drink vodka with my butt. You just embarrassed me in front of my colleagues. Are you kidding me? It's not like you work in the UN. You judge me for being a model. Yes, I do. You always have. It's your birthday, and you won't eat cake. Cece, you're better than that; you really are. I just... I just feel sorry for you sometimes. You feel sorryfor me? You just hit me in the boob. It was an accident. It was not an accident. Fine. It wasn't. Oh... my... God! Ho, ho. What? Huh? Huh? You want that?! Go. Just go. Ugh! Uh! What you gonna do now, huh? Just... What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What 

[00:11:22]


(exhales) You should go. Thanks for a great birthday. Nadia: Cece? You drink with mouth? Tonight, I drink with mouth. wanted mountain bold-tasting, tongue-zapping, thirst-obliterating, goose-bump raising, mind blowing dew! But our label printer guy put the kabash on that. Yeah, it tastes that good. You don't disappear at midnight. And now, you've met your match. Revlon ColorStay 16 Hour Eyeshadow. 64 colors that will take you from night to day without smudging, creasing or fading away. Well, guess who's not getting a turtle? They were out of turtles. I bought a tiny cowboy hat for nothing. Schmidt's not talking to you right now. We're still on this? Schmidt is tired of doing things for you that go unnoticed. 

[00:14:57]


Things like: Lining your shoes up at the door... Don't line my shoes up at the door anymore. ...recording your favorite TV shows... I appreciate that. ...the turn-down service. The turn-down service is weird and I never asked you to do that. Well, I guess those chocolate mints just disappeared on their own. Oh, I thought we weren't talking. We're not. Then why do I hear words coming out that stupid hole in your face? I'm a human being, and I'm entitled to my emotions. Are you crying? No. Are you seriously crying, Schmidt? I'm not crying. 
(sniffles) 
(Jess groans) Rough night, you guys. I forgot to take out my contacts. I think they're fused to my eyeballs. What's going on? Did you guys watch porn together again? Why do you keep doing that? It's always awkward. Oh, wow. What the hell was that? In March, I will have been living with Schmidt for ten years. I know that because he sent me an e-mail asking how I want to celebrate our "tin anniversary." How did you guys become friends? Was it an accident? Did you hit him with your car and you became his reluctant caretaker? He lived in my freshman dorm. And one day, he was just there. 
(cruncng, chewing) Hey, hey, whoa, man, what are you doing in here? That's my ramen. It's better this way. Y-You add water to it, you weirdo. It's not a dry treat, it's a soup. Who are you? Schmidt. You freak me out, man. 
(both laugh) This is cool. We got a good vibe going, man. You're a super weird guy. 
(laughing) Hey, sit there while I throw things at you. Body slam! No! Don't do this! No! And then he was always there. 
(both chuckle) And the truth is, is, Schmidt loves me so much, and to be honest, Jess, it scares me. I mean, I don't think I deserve all of Schmidt's love. All I do is tease him. I mean, of course you do. 
(chuckling): That's all you can do. Do you think I'm a bad friend? No, no, I'm a bad friend. I got mad at Cece for being a model. It's a dumb thing to be. We got in a boob fight. Feels like I fell forward on a treadmill. I'm just gonna say this-- I find that arousing, and let's move on. Just, she's smart, you know, and she's interesting and she could be doing anything else with her life or at least trying. You know, the weird thing is, I was actually there when she got discovere You, take your glasses off. Okay. Jess: I can take my glasses off. 

[00:17:29]


(chuckles nervously) I guess I was always disappointed with her for calling that lady. It's just, when I hear all the stuff about Cece's profession-- like, the dieting-- it's crazy-- and the butt drinking and the... Did you say "butt drinking"? Yeah. You can't say "butt drinking" and then not explain what it is. Yeah. It has two of my four forite things. I just feel like we have nothing in common, you know? Yeah. Do you ever wonder why we're friends with these people, Jess? And, worse, if we met them now, you think we'd still be friends with them? 
(chuckling): Maybe not. I should go talk to her. 
(door opens) Well, Nick, I'm out of tears-- plumb out. All that's left is just yellowish goo. That's right, Nick-- goo. 
(door slams) That's a third of my life. Cece. Oh, hey, Nadia, sorry. This Wilmer Valderrama. 
(laughs) Um, Nadia, that's not-- I mean-- or what I thought he would look like in person. 
(mouthing) Nice to meet you. Big fan. Where's Cece? Cece drink too much. She puke, puke, puke. She puke, cry, puke, cry. She's so weak. You put on pajama, Wilmer Valderrama, top only. Then, you make me salad, bitch. Let's, let's get you into bed, okay? I don't think we're doing any modeling today. No, I have to go, Jess, I have to go. It's my job, all right? You know what, Cece? I'm so sorry about last night. I know that you're... 
(gags) 
(exhales) I know you're an intelligent person, and sometimes I just... 
(gags) 
(exhales) I just get mixed up, you know, and I think that you're like me. 
(gags) Cece: Don't, don't worry, I'm here. Just tell me where to stand and what we're selling. I'm gonna give it everything I got. I'm calling your agency. This is totally unprofessional. Don't call my agency. Just tell me where to stand. Up on the spinning platform. Yeah, I can't do that. Okay. Please, no, seriously don't. I can't lose this job. No. Don't call the agency, okay? I'll do it. What? I'm actually a model, too, mostly in Japan. Um, they call me Giggle Bangs Rice Bowl. I know you're lying and I just don't care. Get over to hair and makeup now. Cool. 

[00:20:05]


(gags) 
(sighs) doing? Alright, alright. Now this is a party. What is that? Go, go, go. Mmm. Give me some of that sauce. I don't know, I think I might bail. Yeah, it's pretty dead. 
[ Male Announcer ] ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH. New kfc dip'ems. Freshly prepared tenders dipped in irresistible sauces. This is it. Now this is a party. 
[ Male Announcer ] TRY A 3 PIECE COMBO FOR Just $5. Today tastes so good. These things are heavy. It's like chain mail on my eyes. So, your job is to highlight the features of the car Gary describes. We need you to be fun and sexy and American. Then he's gonna move to the EcoBoost engine and the new interior styling. For the EcoBoost engine, give me something mischievous. Mischievous. Mischievous. Show me mischievous. Okay, and at the end, just say, "Ford. Go further." Do I have to wear those? Hey, everybody, my name's Gary, and I want to introduce you to the all-new 2013 Ford Fusion. Say hello to my good friend Jessica. 

[00:23:08]


("You Make My Dreams" by Hall & Oates playing) The all-new Fusion has been totally redesigned inside and out. All-new styling, 18-inch aluminum wheels, three-year, bumper-to-bumper warranty, five-year power train, available Active Park, available lane-keeping system, standard voice-activated SYNC. Your co-workers will be jealous. From power plants that enhance efficiency the high-voltage lithium-ion battery pack provides enough power to operate in all-electric mode for short commutes-- very smart. The Ford Fusion is designed to be environmentally conscious. Fusion Hybrid and the Fusion Energi are each powered by a combination high-voltage electric motor that utilizes... recycled material. 
(audience gasps, murmurs) The Fusion is available with an EcoBoost engine... a hybrid, and a plug-in hybrid. The SE Hybrid is available with eco-friendly cloth seating. No matter what color your seats-- ha!-- they'll be green. Smoother rides, more fuel efficiency... Gary... The hybrid gets 47 miles to the gallon, so you're gonna be filling up your tank less. Gary... Gary...! When you do... 
JESS: I can't get out. Hey, man, it's your old pal Jessica. And it's not that difficult to get out. There's also the available auto start-stop 
(horn honks) that... Use the handle. What's happening? Further, go further. 
(clears throat) Hey. Uh, Schmidt, I got you something, man. Uh, they didn't have a Jewish star at the store, so I got you a regular cookie and I made the star myself by breaking off the pieces. It's meant to celebrate your Jewish heritage. What is this? A Jewish star-- I just said that. Hey, hey, Schmidt, just... This... is so terrible! You gave me a cookie, I gave you a cookie. You gave me a cookie, gave you cookie. Gave me cookie, got you cookie! 

[00:25:30]


(voice breaking): You gave me cookie, I got you cookie, man! Gave me cookie, got you cookie! We're even! We're even, Schmidt! I mean, what do you want from me? What do you want, Schmidt? I've been racking my brain all day. I walked around the grocery store, man, for 45 minutes. I didn't know what to get you. And then I was thinking I was gonna get you ramen like we used to eat, but you probably eat, like, fancy ramen now with, like, figs in it. I don't know, man. You love me too much, Schmidt, and you picked the wrong guy. And when are you gonna get that through that giant head of yours? I'm just gonna let you down, man. Are you crying? I'm not crying, man. Yeah, you are crying. Oh, my God. I'm not crying, guys. Just drop it. I just felt like I did something nice. Yes, you are, and that's okay. Don't say that, man, 'cause that... 
(clears throat) You know what I mean? Like... Just let it rain, man. I got you the cookie, Schmidt. It's the best I can do, man. What about the turtle? You're the only turtle I want. You're the turtle, man. I knew I was the turtle. Yeah, man, you're the turtle. I knew I was the turtle. 
(laughs) You guys are the best, man. I love you guys. I'm sorry, sorry, man. 
(sighs, groans) Hey, yeah. 
(laughs) I'm going to, uh... Yeah, I've got... I'm gonna eat my sandwich. 
(overlapping chatter) This is a good sandwich. See you guys. This needed to happen. Wow, they gave you the, the huge lashes. Like, those are the magnums. Yeah, I actually like 'em. I think I'm just gonna keep 'em on. You're afraid to take the glue off. Yeah, I'm terrified. I'm really sorry about what I said last night 'cause... this is hard. It is just pointing at stuff, but it is-- it's hard. Why is it so hard? You make it look a lot harder. No, you're brave. You've always been braver than me. Okay, what did you do to me last night? I mean, can you sprain someone's chest? You should see the other guys. 

[00:28:00]


(chuckles) Woman: Dionne asking Tai for sex advice? I'm so full. This really is your best cake ever. Do you think so? Mm-hmm. We all think so. Hey, that's gross. Get a fork, man. I got two perfectly good forks at the end of my arms. Hey, man, you do what you do. Be you, man. Schmidt: I'd eat out of your hands, Nick. Cake on your face. Petting zoo style. 
NICK: Yeah, yeah. Cake all day. Talkin' about cake! Frickin' cake dudes. 
WINSTON: Look at you. Look at you. Frosting face. Hey. Want cake on your face? I don't really care. Do you think, if we met today, we would still be friends? 
WINSTON: I could watch you eat cake all day. Couple of guys eating cake. I'm gonna have to do so much cardio tomorrow. I don't know, but wee friends now. 
(both chuckle) Happy birthday, Cece. Oh, man! That's messy. You like rap music? Yeah, sure do. Who's your favorite rapper? Brian Austin Green. He's cool. He's awesome. Go like this. 
(laughs) Try to catch the Pop-Tart, you big boy. Good, I love Pop-Tarts. Oh! 
(laughs) Now ose your eyes. 
(laughs) Did you get me? Yeah. Good job. Ready? 
(both laugh) Ready? Yeah. Aah, we did it! Captioning sponsored by 20th century fox television and TOYOTA. Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org 
>> With just 24 acts left in the competition, the judges receive their categories. 
>> The teens. 
>> Are you serious? 
>> The groups. 
>> Um... 
>> The young adults. 
>> No way. 
>> THE OVER 25s. 
>> At judges' homes, the acts have one shot to impress their mentors. 
[overlapping singing] 
>> ??? Every little thing ??? ??? she does is magic ??? 
[overlapping singing] 
>> Flawless. 
>> How do you compete against that? 

﻿Title: News Nation
Description: Tamron Hall provides context and informed perspectives on the stories making headlines.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/18/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Romnesia. We had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least stage 3 romnesia. 
>> And governor romney left florida late this morning heading to battleground out west. He'll be rallying with paul ryan in nevada within the next hour. Let me bring in today's "news nation" panel. Margie o'mea, and lois, and jonathan, communications director for american cross roads. Michael, I'll start off with you because I enjoy the fact you talk to folks around the country and get their reaction to big nights like the debate. We saw this president the at this rally a couple hours ago hitting the romnesia line again. This time he has point after point to back that up after what we saw last night. I'm not sure how you categorize what happened to mitt romney and his smooth move or rough move to a more moderate candidate. 
>> Well, it was a significantly different governor romney than we saw on primary season. In primary season president obamapologist and the weak commander in chief. What I found stunning last night, tamron, time and again, syria, egypt, afghanistan, bin laden, so many different things, the drones, it was governor romney saying me, too. There was no daylight between them. That is not the mitt romney that captured the gop nomination. 
>> Lois, I said smooth or rough move because this is all last night, at least a lot of the analysis this morning is point of view. It's one of those this of what w did you want to see? You have conservatives and republicans that said governor romney did a great job. They don't see any deception or any malpractice, if you will, political malpractice in the transition he's made wheyou look at the columns and op-eds from democrats. They say governor romney was weak and did not have a game to bring on foreign policy. Are we simply at the point no matter what happened at that debate last night, you have the pundits and writers who have their story line and pnt of view, and that's what we see for the next 14 days? 

[00:02:19]


>> I think there's really soing to that. Everybody is pretty dug in right now. I think what you saw with governor romney last night was very strategic. He made a decision to go into that debate and not make waves, not have a fight with barack obama, not have a fight with bob schieffer. He's leading in the polls right now. He wants to run out the clock a little bit. So he was not going to get -- he was not going to make any kind of a mistake, and I think that's what you saw. He was also trying toppeal to those still little slices of swing voters out there that don't want to see a warmonger. 
>> In the first debate, the president low energy but nevertheless it was seen as a debate where he was hoping perhaps to stay above the fray, do no harm. At the time he was leading in many polls. How is that different? Was he so harshly criticized and then last night it is clear that governor romney did not want to ruffle any feathers, he moved away from talking points and beliefs that he's espoused for many, many months even beyond the republican primary. We're talking about even after the republican convention when by all accounts a candidate normally would move to positions more accommoing to independent voters? 
>> I think the president emphasized all that. He said you've changed your position on this on this on this. I'm not saying it's okay. I'm saying this was his strategy. The other thing that did come out very clear last night is that the governor did not have a very deep bench of facts. At a certain point he really did keep repeating himself, and i think that was strategic, too. I mean, he didn't want to get out there and get boxed in like he did last week on the libya conversation. This was a very cautious debate. The last debate, and he didn't want to make errors. 
>> Jonathan, you're the republican on the panel. How would you describe mitt romney's strategy last night? 

[00:04:22]


>> I think it's easy to lose sight of who the audience of the debate was, and it was independent voters. If you look at how the independent voters interpreted the results last night, triple p said they were less likely to stroet for obama afterwards and more likely it to vote for obama afterwards. It's a small sample. It shows the success of romney's strategy, which was to pass that presidential bar, but then also to be talking about these economic issues as much as he could whenever he could. Whenever the debate pivoted back to economics, he dominated. I think that was very, very clear, and we saw it over and over again throughout the debate. 
>> One area he did not dominate and we'll play this clip later, the auto industry. I don't think anyone thinks he dominated on that subject matter and that's millions of jobs for a lot of people in states he needs, particularly ohio. Jonathan, I want to bring up what joe scarborough had to say about romney's move to the center and the timing it all. 
>> If he aattacked the center at the convention, he might find himself up considerably even in states like ohio. 
>> After this convention if mitt romney appeared to be doing better in ohio. I want to go back to something ugsd about the appearance of being presidential. How is that a good appearance when you are following the guy already in office? You say he set a bar or he reached the bar. The bar was being held by the president when he's constantly saying, me, too. This guy is right. Where is the complain where is I can do a better job or the direction for the foreign policy for this country go? 
>> What the president of the united states, everyone gets that the president of the united states has been briefed literally thousands of times over the course of his presidency on foreign policy and intelligence issues. They know that the president and virtually in every circumstance comes into the debate with more information in his head that is disposable than any challenger. That's the frame that independents look for. They want to make sur they believe that the candidate who is challenging is someone that they vote for, that they can trust, that they trust will make good decisions. He cleared that bar last night when he went back to economic issues. 

[00:06:31]


>> Let me play a few items where mitt romne agreed with the president on things in the past. You say the president gets briefings, but that has never stopped republicans or governor romney from criticized the president from syria to what to do with an. It never stopped him giving him opinions despite having or not having the briefings the president has been privy to. Here's a montage of the agrees moments. 
>> As the president indicated and said at the time that i supported his action there, we had to go into pakistan. We had to go in there to osama bin laden. That was the right thing to do. It's widely reported that drones are used in drone strikes and i support that entirely and feel that the president was right. 
>> So margie, what do you describe this strategy of governor romney? Other republicans believe it was effective. Already today it gave the president the first talking point that had the audience in florida on their feet. 
>> Well, I think it would be one thing if mitt romney had a cooperative, collaborative style this entire campaign, but he hasn't. The truth is he's been incredibly confrontational and on form rin policy generally where he has reflexive opposition for everything obama is for. He had a completely different take alast night, and I think that reveals some of the vulnerabilities that romney has generally. His willingness to really play all different sides of an issue, and two, realizing that a lot of positions are really unpopular with a lot of swing voters. He has to move more to the middle at the very end. I d watch the debate with some walmart moms last night, and they did appreciate some of the more agreement, seeing some agreement and less of the combativeness between the two candidates. Ultimately the polls show that obama won this debate. He seemed strong. He seemed confident. Mitt romney didn't really have anything to add. 

[00:08:32]


>> The cnn poll who won the debate, the president 48%, the cbs poll uncommitted voters who won the debate, 53%. Let me bring you back. I want to play what senator rob portman said on "morning joe" when he was on the spot why -- even though the gap is closing in ohio, why hasn't his economic message sealed the deal in that state. 
>> Most people in ohio that I've met and I've spent some time there really credit the president for the auto bailout and the fact that you have the chevy cruis being built there from seat covers to assembly. 
>> We're really happy in ohio the auto industry is making a comeback, but ohio voters will be really surprised when they learn it was barack obama who took them through bankruptcy. 
>> This was a big moment in the debate last night. The auto bailout. I don't know how at this point you can continue to fact check. We know the facts of what happened. We know the op-ed that was written by governor romney. What do you make of this, michael? Is it a reinvention of history? Is it to make bankruptcy and all of the details so complicated that some of the people who are on the fence, some of the white middle class workers will get confused over what happened? 
>> Yes, I think in a word is probably is, and I think it underscores houchl of this race continues to hang in the balance in the buckeye state. If the president is re-elected and if he's re-elected with ohio in his column, I think we're going to look back at this issue, tamron, and say it was the outcome determinative in the whole campaign. 
>> Let me play that exchange from the debate regarding the auto bailout between governor romney and the president. 
>> I said they need these companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy, and in that process they can get government help and government guarantees. 
>> That's not what you said. 
>> You can take a look at the op-ed. 
>> You did not say that you would provide government help. Governor romney you keep on trying to, you know, airbrush history here. 

[00:10:34]


>> Jonathan, is governor romney trying to airbush history as it relates to the auto bailout? 
>> I went back and read the op-ed last night. I got on my phone and looked into it. He says that the auto industry, the companies could ask the government for help. I don't know that he was necessarily totally off-base on it. Everybody should read that "new york times" piece. It's also critical to get out of the bubble here. We're talking about the foreign policy bit of this. This is all very eerily reminiscent in 1992 when george h.W. Bush wanted to talk policy while bill clinton ate his lunch on it. 
>> So you believe in the auto bailout moment there last night that governor romney ate president obama's lunch on the auto bailout? 
>> In the first presidential debate, absolutely. It was all about the economy. 
>> We're talking about last night. You told me that foreign policy, while important, your guy's "a" game is the economy and at every opportunity, both tried to figure out a way to pre bring in the economy. The big point of the economy in ohio is the auto bailout. People right now might be on their lunch break watching who have a job because of that auto bailout, and you believe the presentation from governor romney last night was fact and not an airbrushing attempt to get them to vote and I was behind this? 
>> I think the proof is in the pudding. Just todaystn response to all of this, just today president obama put out a new economic plan less than two weeks ago. It's a bunch of recycled ideas over the last couple of years. I think that they are scared on the economy, and I think that's clr in the aftermath of the debate. 
>> Lois, let me bring you in on this. I don't want to harp on the auto bailout, but I think it is very important. I come from a working class family. I'm sure many of you are on the panel. 
>> This represents a lot, much of the conversation are people wanting to know more from the president regarding the future and also, do you believe in america? We've done a segment every day on china versus ohio. Not to pit people against another country, but to say the manufacturing world has changed forever here, and there are people who will work these jobs in those factories who depend on the auto industry and retire with pensions and they're watching this and trying to decide who was on their side. 

[00:12:57]


>> It's very significant, and it's why mitt romney is not particularly competitive in his own home state of michigan right now. The people of ohio are very big in the auto industry. It's why obama has been leading, and they're paying attention to all of this. 
>> Margie, quickly, I want to play this new ad out from the president called determination. It brings up the auto industry and also a point of criticism for the president. Let me play this new ad he's got out. 
>> Our auto industry, back. Our heroes are coming home. We're not there yet, but we've made real progress. The last thing we should do is turn back now. 
>> Margie, should that have been the message a while ago and not big bird and other things. Governor rendell pretty much wrote this ad for the bahama campaign. He said you need to hit this home, but is it too late for governor romney to become more moderate after the convention, is it too late for this message? 
>> I've heard that message from the obama campaign for a while. We're making progress, but we have more ground to cover in the recovery. I've heard that for a long time in the obama campaign. I think what's important here is not simply can mitt romney check the box on saying he's a moderate for the last two weeks. Only one candidate really has demonstrated an understanding of shared struggle and support for the middle class, while mitt romney, behind closed doors, says, you know, half of the electorate, I don't care about them because they think they're titled to food. That's the difference between now and 1992. Bill clinton didn't say I'm not concerned about half the electorate, they're victims. That's the crux of the election. 
>> Michael, it's always a pleasure. Lois great to have you on as well and, of course, jonathan we love your voice. You are equal parts here thank you so much. Up next, during the debate governor romney said america lost its influence around the world. Well, there's a new poll out. Thousands participated in the poll. 21 countries, and they were asked, obama or romney? We'll have the results after the break. They spar over israel and the threat of a nuke iran. 

[00:15:14]


>> When I he went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors. I didn't attend fund-raisers. 
>> "Time" magazine ranaforohhar and logic frederick join me. With two weeks to go, nbc news battleground nap is out and there are big changes to report including what states are now leaning. Join our conversation on twitter. Find us at @tamronhall and at @newsnation. investor. I invest in what I know. I turned 65 last week. I'm getting married. Planning a life. There are risks, sure. But, there's no reward without it. I want to be prepared for the long haul. I see a world bursting with opportunities. India, china, brazil, ishares, small-caps, large-caps, ishares. Industrials. Low cost. Every dollar counts. Ishares. Income. Dividends. Bonds. I like bonds. Ishares. Commodities. Diversification. Choices. My own ideas. Ishares. I want to use the same stuff the big guys use. Ishares. 8 out of 10 large, professional investors choose ishares for their etfs. Introducing the ishares core, etfs for the heart of your portfolio. Tax efficient and low cost building blocks to help you keep more of what you earn. Call your advisor. Visit ishares.Com. Ishares. Ishares. Yeah, ishares. Call 1-800-ishares for a prospectus which includes investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Read and consider it carefully before investing. Just because you live out here, doesn't mean you have to settle for slow, dial-up internet. That's because getting high-speed internet by satellite is now easier than ever with new hughesnet gen4. With improved download capacity and new plans that are up to 15 times faster than before, america's number one choice for satellite internet is now better than ever. With hughesnet gen4, you can do more of what you love to do online. Get more of the news, business and weather updates that you need. Check your e-mail. Share photos. And, shop online. If you want high-speed internet where you live, there's never been a better time than right now. In fact, standard installation is free when you order hughesnet today. So, what are you waiting for? Your best choice in satellite internet is just a phone call away. Call today and get free standard installation. Just call the number on your screen or go online today. 

[00:19:04]


>>> Welcome back. In the debate last night governor romney argued america's influence in the world has decreased since president obama took office. 
>> I look around the world. I don't see our influence growing around the world. Iee on on you influence receding. 
>> The problem is on a whole range of issues, whether it's the middle east, whether it's afghanistan, whether it's iraq, whether it's now iran, you've been all over the map. 
>> And a new bbc poll out just today shows 21 countries prefer president obama to be elected, 50% to 9%. Just one snapshot to take a look at. Joining me, 2,000 people participated in that. "Time" magazine's international editor jim frederick and assistant managing editor rana. Rana, your thoughts. Yesterday we were talking about a possible strategy, goverr romney hugging the policies of the president. That's exactly what happened, and I'm stunned by how surprised people were, because our first read team noted that that would be the theory. Dan senor was on "morning joe" and said there was no difference in the withdrawal from afghanistan. That they supported the 2014. Why the big surprise this morning? 
>> Well, it's really interesting. Through the whole debate there was a convergence in a lot of ways of the president's policies and what governor romney was saying. I was surprised by the talk around afghanistan, and I think a lot of people were. That this was a policy long held, that the romney camp cited the withdrawal was a good thing. To change that in the debate was an interesting pivot. 
>> Dan said it on "morning joe." He said there was no difference. I want to play the moment during the debate that was such a stunner. 
>> We're going to be finished by 2014, and when I'm presidt, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 

[00:21:04]


>> So what were his other options? Could he say I think we're going to stay there another 10, 15 years and really think he would get in the white house with this war-wary country. 
>> He did back off on this -- call for a review. 
>> With the generals and find out what they said. 
>> We're not going to hurry out ther why telegraph the date? Why tell somebody you will leave their party? This is where he came down off of that. He said we're going to be done, we're out in 2014. 
>> I don't see what other option he had, other than to embrace or the wording was hug the president's policies. He knows the numbers and seen the polls. No one wants to stay in afghanistan. We see stories of young men and women and what they believe. What could he have said different than that and be a winner? 
>> Probably nothing. I think what's interesting is he takes this hard tack to the moderate. Is the question worth asking. Are you a flip-flopper or are you the real moderate mitt? 
>> How many times can we ask that question? You you talk about tax policy, and those issues are important. When you discuss a war or perhaps what actions on to take in syria, that takes on a whole new life and meaning because you talk about the sons and daughters of our country possibly having boots on the ground in another situation. I'm not giving anyone legroom or room to wiggle, but when you're talking about war, that is agreej yus if you have a flip-flop stance. It's not an evolution at some point. 
>> The president made that point. He said very clearly that one of the things about being commander in chief is you have to be clear. You have to provide clarity. One of the things that I think was an interesting difference between the two candidates and the president sort of drew it out with a funny quip about romney's foreign policy from the '80s AND HIS SOCIAL POLICY FROM THE '50s AND HIS ECONOMIC POLICY FROM THE '20s IS THIS FACT YOU Have a language of a strong america. America that's going to kill the bad guys. A much more unipolar world, and that wasbig difference. 

[00:23:22]


>> The other big moment was israel. 
>> You went to the middle east, and you flew to egypt and to saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq. By the way, you skipped israel. Our closest friend in the region, but you went to the other nations. By the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. 
>> When I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors. I didn't attend fund-raisers. I went to the holocaust museum there to remind myself the nature of evil and why our bond with israel will be unbreakable. Then I went down to the border towns which had experienced missiles raining down from hamas, a I saw families there who showed me where missiles had come down near their children's bedrooms. I was reminde of what that would mean if those were my kids. 
>> Jim, the president could said, no, I support israel. He went really personal. When you talk about children and missiles, that's a deep level. 
>> Yeah. I think we got to a level of irritation there where it has become somewhat personal to obama. I think he's tired of getting stick with this stick that he's unfriendly with israel or pea nired a bad relationship with israel. Florida is still in play. The entire debate was I'm the greatest friend of israel. No, I'm the greatest fend of israel. A lot of that was for the domestic voter, but at the same time you could hear edge to men's voices where it's particularly personal for obama. I think he's sick of it and the administration is sick of it and they're sick of being painted as a bad friend of israel. 
>> With no proof of that being true? 
>> They've been one of the most friendly in the history of the united states. 
>> Mitt romney, how do you retort that when someone talking about you in town with sheldon adelson and I'm walking with children of israel? How do you counter that? I want to play this new ad out, governor romney, the apology tour. Let's get your thoughts on that. 

[00:25:30]


>> The president began with an apology tour of going to various neighbors of criticizing america. I think they look at that skau weakness. 
>> That's the new ad today. Apology tour from the guy i agree with all the positions on everything, foreign policy. It would be funny if it were not so important to all of us. This is the come back the day after. 
>> The president said when fact checkers look at this issue, he's not on an poll he jie tour. He never apologized for american values and beliefs and for our position in the world. I think that it goes back to this very sort of black and white view of the world that the romney camp is presenting versus this kind of more nuanced, multi-polar vision that the president is presenting. 
>> Does it go to the point of mitt romney still slightly strajdzing the fence. Yesterday he was a more moderate candidate, and this new ad could have been written by conservative bloggers who showed a range of pictures where it said it depicted the president bowing down. 
>> Exactly. I think the president hit hard on this point several times during the debate. Romney has been all over the map on any number of positions about foreign policy. 
>> Thank you. It's always a great pleasur to have your insight on this. We're following developing news from wall street. The dow has dropped sharply today, poised for the first losing october since 2008. It had been closing at an all-time high. It's down 223 points. We'll check in with our colleague at cnbc to find out what's happening. In the next hour governor romney will be in nevada. Political voices out of that state will join us to talk about the changing demo in his home state. One Card Gives you a 50% annual bonus. And everyone, but her... Likes 50% more cash. But, I have an idea. Do you want a princess dress? Yes how about some cupcakes? Yes lollipop? Yes! Do you want an etch a sketch? Yes! Do you want 50% more cash? you got talent. 

[00:27:43]


[ Male Announcer ] THE Capital One Cash Rewards Card. With a 50% annual cash bonus it's the card for people who like more cash. What's in your wallet? I usually say that. ] Medicare? That's a good thing, but it doesn't cover everything. Only about 80% of your part b medical expenses. The rest is up to you. SO CONSIDER AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, they help save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs. CALL TODAY TO REQUEST A FREE Decision Guide. With these types of plans, you'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital that ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS... Plus, there are no networks, and you'll never need a referral to see a specialist. Join the millions who have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp... And provided by UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, Which has over 30 years of experience behind it. With all the good years ahead, look for the experience and commitment to go the distance with you. CALL NOW TO REQUEST YOUR FREE Decision Guide. O0 bump! 

[00:29:55]


[ Wife ] A BEACHED WHALE! Lawn clippings! A mattress. A sausage link. Mermaid. Honey!? Driftwood. Come on, you gotta help us out here a little. 
[ Male Announcer ] FEBREZE ELIMINATES ODORS And leaves carpets fresh. ???????????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FEBREZE. ELIMINATES ODORS And leaves carpets fresh. ?????? ?????? 
>>> welcome back. Watching wall street where it could be one of the worst days of year for the dow. Right now it's down over 200 points but off the day's lows much join me gnaw is tyler matheson. The dow was at five-year highs. What's going on today? 
>> It's a big sell off, unlike last week when it aaffected technology stocks, today it's the core industrial companies basically because some of the earnings have come up a little bit short. I'm talking about companies like united chnologies, a dow down about 1.75%. All of those three stocks I just mentioned are constituents of the dow industrials. One way or another, either because their earnings weren't what forecasters expected and the sales weren't as high as the 

﻿Title: Newsline
Description: World events, business news and weather forecasts; broadcast in English.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 3/16/2009
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> U.S. President barack obama visits swing states and tries to win over voters who can make a difference. The u.S. President and the man who wants at job are back on the campaign trail after their last debate. Barack obama and mitt romney are traveling through several states that could detmine the election two weeks from now. They're both trying to do the same thing, win over undecided voters. President obama spoke to supporters in florida, one of the key battleground states. Hed romney had changed his stance on several issues monday during the debate on foreign policy. Obama reused the term he coined for such flip-flops,nesia. 
>> There is no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trust. The person who leads this country, you've got to have some confidence that he or she means what he or she says. 
>> Romney spoke at a rally in henderson, nevada. He said obama is resorting to attacks in the absence of new ideas of his own. Romney said he can stand criticisms from obama for two weeks. He said he can't stand four more years of the obama administration. Present. 
>>> An earthquake has struck costa rica. A disaster relief official told nhk there are no reports of injury or damage. Officials at the u.S. Geological survey said the magnitude reached 6 6. The quake occurred about 140 kilometers west of the capital san jose. It struck at around 0:45 utc. The pacific tsunami warning center in hawaii says there is no possibility of tsunami. A magnitude 7.6 quake hit costa rica last month. Two people were killed. 

[00:02:02]


>>> The head of italy's disaster risk assessment body has resigned. The latest shock from a court ruling that stunned seismologists around the world. The court has given jail sentences to several scientists for failing to warn of a deadly earthquake in 2009. The quake devastated the mountain town of laquilma. A court in the town sentenced them to six years in prison. A scientist told media it's impossible to produce disinterested scientific advice to the government under the current circumstances. The committee published an assessment six days before the disaster and said risks of a major quake hitting the area in the near future are low. The court's ruling has alarmed seismologists around the world and expressed fears they might no longer be able to speak freely. 
>>> The head of the bbc has denied the public broadcaster covered up sexual abuses by a former tv presenter. Jimmy seville is alleged to have abused many young girls during his three-decade career. Seville is a familiar face on BRITISH TV BETWEEN THE 1960s AND '80s. He died last year at the able of 84. Bbc director general george entwistle tuesday testified before a commons committee. 
>> There is no question what jimmy seville did and the way the bbc behaved in the years that the culture and practices of the bbc seems to allow jimmy seville was allowed to do what he did will raise questions for us. There's no question of that. 
>> Entwistle denied charges of a cover-up but he said the ed correspond of a news program had been wrong not to air a report on the sex abuse allegations in december. Entwistle said the editor of the "news night" program withheld the report partly because of a lack of evidence. Bbc has suspended the editor. Bbc are looking into suspicions seville may have abused more than 200 victims. 

[00:04:15]


>>> A swiss research institute has released its annual report on gender gaps around the world and its analysts placed japan lowest of all major economies. They cited a lack of female political and business leaders. The world economic forum measures gender disparity in such fields as politics, education and health. Japan came in 101st of 135 countries. That's down three places from last year. The forum's analysts say the country still has relatively few female lawmakers and corporate managers. The rankings are designed to highlight role models of gender equality. Iceland has held the top spot for four years in a row, followed by finland and norway. THE UNITED STATES CAME 22nd, AND CHINA IS 69th. 
>>> Apple fans were glued to are THIS TVs AND THEIR COMPUTERS TO Find out about the latest i-gadget. Yuko fukushima joins us from the business team. A lot of excitement yet again, this time for the ipad mini. 
>> That's right. APPLE FANS HAVE TABLETth THE Same size as google and amazon but not from their favorite manufacturer. Consumers will be happy because they will have more options when choosing a new tablet with apple now its ipad smaller. 
>> This is ipad mini. 
>> Media from across the globe quernled on the california product launch. The ipad mini screen measures 7.9 inches. That's about 20% smaller than the one on their full-size tablet and it weighs half as much. The least-expensive model sells for almost $330, about $200 less than the original. Apple plans to release the new device next friday in the u.S., europe, and japan. 

[00:06:17]


>> We told you earlier this year that you would see some incredible innovation. 
>> The firm now has a 70% share in the global market it created with the ipad two years ago. Apple co-founder steve jobs was reluctant to develop a smaller version. He was concerned customers wouldn't be interested. But executives launched one anyway, citing the stiff competition for small tablets. Google and amazon producedhem too. They're selling models for less than half the price of a standard ipad and their sales are climbing. Microsoft executives will enter the tablet market this friday with their own model. The surface comes with cover that doubles as a keyboard. Apple executives are feeling the pressure. Competitors have been offering devices with features that ipad was lacking. 
>> It will certainly expand apple's market, but I think the smaller form factor, if it's a cheaper price, that will get a lot of people who had not purchased a tablet before and were maybe thinking of one but didn't want to spend the $500 it sts to get an ipad. 
>> Consumers worldwide will have many options when choosing a small tablet to put on their holiday wish list. 
>>> Tablet computers are becoming popular not only among YOUNG GENERATIONth BUT ALSO THE Elderly. A japanese firm is seeing the popularity of tablets for senior customers as a business opportunity. SUZUKI IN TOKYO IS IN HER 70s. An online supermarket representative is visiting her home. The supermarket receives orders on internet and then delivers the products. 
>> Translator: By sliding your fingertip, you can see a number of products. 

[00:08:19]


>> The online supermarket began to test service by taking orders from tablet computers this week. 
>> Translator: With a tablet, you can byproducts using only your fingertip. 
>> Customers can also select the payment method and delivery date only with their fingertips. 
>> Translator: I think it's good, because I can see many products on this tablet. 
>> Curtly, the supermarket is receiving orders through personal computers. Its customers are mainly people IN THEIR 30s WHO ARE BUSY Raising children. The company executives hope to increase orders from the elderly by introducing tablet computers that are easy to handle. 
>> Translator: We think that tablet computers will turn into a huge market, just like smartphones. With tablets, I think we can attract customers who have not been interested in online supermarket services. 
>>> A survey by a private research firm shows that many tablet computer users are looking for a lighter unit with a battery that will last longer. So when these problems are resolved, the number of users is expected to grow further. 
>>> Looking at the markets now, tokyo stock prices are lower this wednesday morning. The nikkei average is currently at 8989. That's down about .3% from tuesday's close. Investors are taking profits from a recent rally. That's after new york markets tumbled following poor corporate earnings results from u.S. Companies. Sources say losses may be limited due to a recent weak trend in the yen. Investors are buying kddi which is to sell apple's ipad mini soon. 
>>> The euro is trading lower amid renewed concerns about the debt situation in europe. It is currently delayeding trading at 103.74-79, compared to the lower 104 yen level yesterday. Sources say market players are becoming anxious after moody's down graded the credit ratings on the debts of five regional governments in spain. The dollar is trading in a narrow range against the yen and is now changing h at 79.87-89. To other markets in the the asia-pac asia-pacific john. South korea's kospi is trading at 1913. In china, shanghai's key index is almost unchanged, trading right now at 2115. In hong kong, the hang seng index there is down about .2%, trading right now at 21,650. 

[00:11:10]


>>> China's economy has been losing steam. Its pace of growth slowed down to 7.4% between july and september from a year earlier. That was the seventh straight quarter of slower growth. What's happening to the chinese economy? Our reporter has more on this. 
>> Reporter: This shopping district is located in the heart of beijing. 
>> Translator: They say consumption is expanding, but i don't think the overall economy is that good. 
>> Translator: Our company made a lot of money last year, but not this year. Our managers are telling us to cut the costs down. 
>> Reporter: This city in the coastal region is home to factories making clothes for overseas markets. Surprisingly, a business is booming in this town. Rows and rows of sewing machines are on sale at this secondhand machinery store. They came from nearby clothing factories. Clothesmakers are going bankrupt in increasing numbers amid sluggish exports stemming from europe's debt crisis. 
>> Translator: So many firms are going under. That's why we're getting so many of these secondhand sewing machines. 
>> Reporter: At this trade fair, some 25,000 companies are trying to promote exports. But the european crisis is casting a dark shadow. This company makes parts for large four-wheel drive vehicles. Exports accounted for 95% of the products it manufactured. But they have been showing a significant decline. 

[00:13:17]


>> Translator: We are seeing a particularly sharp drop in east europe. From the way orderare falling, our exports in the future are going to show a precipitous decline. 
Reporter: And now, there's another reason for worry. Since last month, the relations between japan and china have been worsening because of a territorial dispute over a group of small islands in the east china sea. The dispute could affect the bilateral economic ties. One of china's major business magazines say some 20,000 japanese companies in china employ some 10 million chinese workers. It also warns that both untries will face a heavy price to pay as a result of the dispute. Amid the spreading campaign to boycott japanese products, japanese automakers also had sharp sales 39s in september. Toyota motors sales plunged 50% from a year earlier. This plant is halting most of its production lines this week. Workers are becoming increasingly concerned about their livelihoods. 
>> Translator: I can't make ends meet if they cut the working hours. I need to look for another job. 
>> Reporter: Other makers have been unable to make up for the slowdown on in japanese car sales. This situation could hurt subcontractors like partsmakers and also consumer spending. Many inside as well as outside china are wondaring how china can stimulate its economy. In the midst of domestic and external troubles. Nhk world, beijing. 
>> And that is all for me for now. I'll leave you with the market figures here iia. 

[00:16:01]


>>> Japanese government sources say a senior diplomat made a secret visit to shanghai last weekend. He took part in talks to try to cool the territorial dispute. Sources say the vice foreign ministers met in shanghai. The ministers reportedly did not go into details of the dispute, but they agreed on the need to maintain communication. It was the second time this month diplomats held behind the scenes talks. Senior officials also met two weeks ago in tokyo. The diplomats are expected to study the economic impact of the strained ties as they look for a breakthrough. Now the ripples have spread to kobe, home to one of japan's oldest chinatowns. A chinese resident there is trying to stop the dispute from driving a wedge between neighbors. 
>> Reporter: A photo exhibition marks the 40th anniversary of normalized diplomatic relations between japan and china. The display opened earlier this month in kobe, a city next to osaka. Chan helped organize the event. His grandfather moved his family to japan. Sai was born in kobe and has lived here all his life. He belongs to a community group of overseas chinese. Through his photos, sai wants to revisit past friendship-building events organized by local chinese like him. 
>> Translator: I want everyone to know the history of the chinese living here, developing close relations with the japanese. 
>> Reporter: Cai has always been part of the local community, making lots of japanese friends. After a massive earthq hit kobe in 1995, cai sprang into action. He rounded up supplies for evacuees sheltering in a school for chinese. 

[00:18:01]


>> Translator: I did it as an individual. It was all about personal ties. Whether you were japanese or chinese, it was irrelevant. We are and will be part of the local community. That's why I value my friendship with my japanese neighbors. 
>> Reporter: But last month, the island disputes sent anti-japanese demonstrators into the streets of chinese cities. And in kobe, a school for chinese nationals was torched. The hostility played havoc with the japanese/chinese friendship event cai was organizing. 
>> Translator: It was canceled, just so you know. It's just too bad. But that's the way it is. 
>> Reporter: The event was to have marked the anniversary of normal ties between japan and china. A chinese from the mainland was to have given a speech, but her office canceled it. 
>> Translator: I don't think we can hold the event, at least not this year. There is nothing we can do about it. It's just too bad. 
>> Reporter: September 29, the same day the normalization went into effect 40 years ago, cai held a gathering. It was the annual viewing of the moon at a chinese temple. 200 people packed the room. Both chinese and japanese attended. Cai felt it was high time to strengthen local ties. It was just like it used to be inappier times. 
>> Translator: China and japan have polal differences, but here, we can shut them out. I am glad to be here sharing a meal with the chinese. 
>> Translator: During 40 years of normal ties, things sometimes got out of hand, like now. Both peoples need to meet the challenge by reaching out on a personal basis. 

[00:20:09]


>> Reporter: Cai hopes differences between the two governments will not interfere with the relationship between kobe's chinese and japanese residents. Nhk world, kobe. 
>>> The european union has rejected a french request to monitor south korean car imports to see whether import restrictions are necessary. The european commission rejected france's argument imports have rapidly increased since a free trade agreement between the eu and south korea went into effect in july last year. France said its imports of south korean cars in january and february were up about 50% from a year earlier. But the commission said the french request was based on short-term statistics. The commission said eu imports of south korean cars rose 41% in the first year after the fta took effect. It said the figure for france was 24%. The eu executive body said the eu's importing fewer south korean cars than it did before the global financial crisis began in 2008. It concluded the current situation does not require monitoring. France called the commission's decision regrettable. It said a free trade deal should preserve the interests of signatory nations. France suggested it will request tough conditions when the eu starts talks with japan for an economic partnership agreement. 
>>> A u.S. Energy firm is shutting down one of its nuclear power plants. Dominion resources has struggled with the decrease in electricity prices driven by an increase in shale gas production. Company spokespersons say their kiwani power station in wisconsin will close midway through next year. It's been in commercial operation since 1974. Dominion tried to sell the facility but couldn't find a buyer. American officials say the closure would be the first of its kind since 1998. The company's three other plants will continue to operate. Representatives say nuclear power must play an important role in the nation's energy future. More than 100 reactors are currently operating in the u.S. The electricity companies that run them are facing increased competition. They're watching the product costs for thermal power generation drop as the production of shale gas booms. 

[00:22:37]


>>> People in southern areas of the philippines are dealing with heavy rain. 
>>> Tropical storm son tinh has been bringing stormy conditions, a tropical storm packing sustained winds of 65 kilometers per hour with gusts of 90 kilometers per hour. It looks like it's going to make landfall in mindanao in the next few hours. And then move towards the northwest over land before heading out to sea by friday morning local time. As it moves over the sea of -- the south china sea could intensify to a severe tropical storm and then make the secon landfall in vietnam or hinan by sunday local time. Heavy rain is occurring and we're anticipating as much as 150 millimeters or more to fall over the next 72 hours for a wide area chug manila with locally 200 millimeters or more. Flooding and landslides are going to be an ongoing concern here. Meanwhile, stormy conditions have ended across much of the nation. So clear skies have returned to many locations across japan. Clear conditions for the korean peninsula, as well as much of china. Snow showers are intensifying across inland areas. Moving into the americas, we can see a large mass of cloud over the caribbean sea. This is tropical storm sandy, looks like it will move through eastern cuba byednesday night as a hurricane in strength. After that it could move through the bahamasnd veer toward the northeast and become a remnant low aiming toward bermuda. Hurricane warnings are posted so hurricane-force winds are expected to occur here on wednesday. About 120 millimeters of rain has been reported in eastern cuba. More heavy rain is in the cards as the system is moving through. As much as 300 millimeters are more is likely and 500 millimeters total. So in some locations, flooding, mudslides are going to be a high risk here. Storm surge combined with destructive waves could lead to coastal flooding as well. As for the mainland u.S., Things are looking quite wintry. Snow showers for many mountain areas. The heaviest snow is going to be found in and around southeastern wyoming, as well as the sierras. We're expecting about 45 centimeters of snow to fall here and heavy thundershowers spreading from the northern plains into the great lakes region, as well as ontario, on your wednesday. Severe weather will occur in the upper mississippi river valley on your wednesday. But on the other hand, still dry side across the southern half of the u.S. Temperatures are quite warm. Finally, let's go over to europe th. A winter storm is sagging southward over thecandinavian peninsula, producing wet and heavy conditions as well as snow showers. The system will continue to sag toward the southeast, aiming toward the baltic states as well as northwestern russia. Down toward the south, remnants of hurricane rafael continues to move acros the iberian peninsula for the next several daze. Temperatures are warm, on the hot site, 3 degrees higher than average. Here's the extended forecast. 

[00:27:22]


>> That's all for this edition of "newsline." I'm catherine kobayashi in tokyo. Thanks for joining us. Un 

[00:29:45]


tavis: Good evening. From los angeles, I am tavis smiley. With all three presidential debates behind us, the next two weeks will be a sprint to the finish 

﻿Title: Nightly Business Report
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Wl street. 
>> Tom: I'm tom hudson. They say big things come in small packages. Apple finally unveils its mu anticipated ipad mini with a not-so-mini price tag. 
>> Susie: And is a deal in the works to solve fiscal cliff? A look at president obama's surprise promise in last night's debate. 
>> Tom: That and more tonight on nbr! For the second time in three sessions, u.S. Stocks suffered a sharp sell-off. Prices fell as weak financial results from corporate america fed fear about the global economy. At the closing bell, the dow shed 243 points, the nasdaq lost 26.5, the s&p dropped almost 21 points, sending markets to levels not seen since early september. The heavy selling came after seral household names reported weak quarterly financial reports and lowered their expectations for the rest of the year. 3-m, dupont, and xerox were among those releasing disappointing results. Erika miller reports worries about revenues have cast a shadow over the profit picture. 
>> Reporter: Yes, it's earnings season. But earnings are not the most important indicator this quarter. It's revenues-- how much money a company makes before expenses. 
>> Profits can go down, profits can go up. Sales, you want to see nice steady growth. And when you are seeing big drops in revenues and revenue misses, that's definitely a red flag. 
>> Reporter: In the latest quarter, a slew of big name firms have reported higher earnings but lower revenues, including bank of america, ibm, 3-m, morgan stanley, oracle, and walgreens. For most, the biggest problem is europe, where many countries are in recession. It doesn't help that the red-hot growth in emerging markets like china and india is cooling off. The economy in the u.S. May be nothing to brag about, but for many firms, it's actually one of the stronger markets. 

[00:02:01]


>> When they talk about weakness, the weakness is everywhere else but the united states, which highlights the united states possibly being the one beacon of hope. And that's where companies need to reinforce there strength in. 
>> Reporter: Companies are also trying to boost earnings by cutting costs and selling non- essential sets. Others are using the weak quarter as an opportunity to clean up their balance sheets. 
>> Everything but the kitchen sink. You are going to take every write-down, every mark down, everything that you can. Get it out of the way, so you look better in the following quarter. 
>> Reporter: But hopes are fading for a strongish to the year. Of the companies that have provided earnings guidance for the fourth quarter, 22 have been negative and only two have been positive. 
>> Companies are already warning us not to expect too much from them for the fourth quarter. We've received the most negative guidance since we started collecting this data in history. 
>> Reporter: The weak global economy isn't just bad news for big multinational firms; it is forcing many to tighten their belts by limiting hiring and investment, and that's bad news for workers and investors alike. Erika miller, nbr, new york. 
>> Susie: So, is today's market sell-off the start of something bigger? Alec young joins us with his thoughts. He's global equity strategist at s&p capital i.Q. 
>> Susie: Alec, we've had a couple of days of pretty big sell-offs. Could it get worse? 
>> I think in the short term, it could, susie. I think what we're seeing on wall street is investors being a little taken aback at the misses on the top line. Given all of the uncertainty that we have with the fiscal cliff and the drag that could pose on revenue growth into 2013, I think there may be room for consensus expectation on revenues to come down a little bit more. If you look at some of the stock market reactions to some of these revenue misses, they've been pretty severe, and I think that's an indication that there's a wide gap between what wall street is expecting and what companies roll delivering. 

[00:04:09]


>> Susie: But why is this happening now? We all knew that earnings were going to be weak. We know that the global economy is weak, whether you're talking about europe or china. So what's the real issue here? 
>> Well, I think this is the first time we're actually hearing from theompany, and all the negatives are being confirmed. Again, it comes back to the revenue issue. I think people knew that earnings were going to be fairly soft, but I think people have been surprised at how weak the revenues and the guidance has been, and given the fact that we're facing some major macro risk that is could mean next year's growth is weaker than this year's, investors are translating that into meaning we could be just at the beginning of a weaker outlook for corporate america, and then they' selling stocks as a result. 
>> Susie: You know what else is kind of confusing here? It seems to be a disconnected between what the companies are saying and the encouraging reports about the economy, whether it's about the housing recovery, retail sales, consumer confidence, andome positive information about the job marketed. So what' the disconnect? 
>> Well, I think the disconnect is that we're facing the fiscal cliff. While the economic data has been improving normally investors would look forward and assume maybe we would see a rebound in the months ahead. I think concerns about the fiscal cliff are trumping that, and while the data is better, if we don't add that until we get certainty there, it's too soon to extrapolate the economic rebound can continue. The other thing we're seeing is domestic iented stocks being much better than global stocks and that's what we've been recommending to clients and continue to do that. You want to be in consumer discretionary and avoiding things like materials which tends to be much more exposeed to a lot of these risks global in nature. 
>> Susie: Let me switch over to the fed. The federal reserve is holding a policy meet tag wraps up tomorrow. Is there anything the fed could say tomorrow that could change investors views about the market? 

[00:06:17]


>> I don't think there's really much they can do from a long term perspective. 
>> Short term, encouraging words could generate a short term rally, but overall, given that the fed has already been extremely proactive, I think investors really feel there's a limit as to how much the fed can help, and even chairman bernanke himself said there were limits to monetary policy and he was encouraging the congress to get more proactive on the fiscal front. 
>> Susie: Interesting information alec. Alec young from s&p capital. Tomorrow, we'll analyze the federal reserve's policy decision on the economy. We talk with the chief economist of to mesirow financial, diane swonk. 
>> Tom: Still ahead, as the housing market finds stable ground, other companies are piggy-backing on the recovery. Apple officially unveiled it's newest ipad today, the mini, and it's here just in time for the holidays. The device takes direct aim at other small tablets from amazon and google already on the market. As ruben ramirez reports, the ipad mini may have been what everyone was looking for, but the announcement of a next generation ipad is what caught fans and investors by surprise. ?????? ?????? ?????? 
>> Reporter: With a simple tune, apple launched ipad's new sibling, the ipad mini. At nearly eight inches, with a ten-hour battery life, it sets apple up to go head-to-head with the likes of google's nexus seven, the kindle fire hd, and the galaxy note, which goes on sale tomorrow. 
>> The tablet market is very price sensitive, and anytime you cut the price, you open up a whole new audience of users by releasing the mini and having that $329 price point, that's going to give them a lot more penetration into the market. 
>> Reporter: In a move that's new for apple, it highlighted the differences between the mini and its competitors, pointing out the screen size and other features. The biggest difference-- price! It's higher than all its competitors, and just $70 less than the cheapest full-size ipad. 

[00:08:22]


>> There is a concern that maybe apple could cannibalize some of its existing ipad ts through the launch of this new ipad mini, but I think this is going to protect their margins a little bit more. 
>> Reporter: Maintaining the amount of money it makes on each device sold is key while apple tries to make inroads into an already crowded market. Apple also noted a big milestone, selling 100 million ipads in just over two years on the market. But for those who bought a new full-sized ipad in the past six months, today's launch of the fourth generation ipad was a big surprise. The new model is twice as fast at the same price. 
>> It's a bold move on apple's part. I think there will some grumbling at first, but the existing ipad, the ipad that i bought, is still a very functional device. 
>> Reporter: This won't be the last time you'll see a tech company speeding a next- generation product to market. Costa says the entire pace of innovation in the sector is moving at lightening speed. Prototypes which once took months or years to create can now be made in just a matter of hours. Ruben ramirez, nbr, new york. 
>> Susie: Investors "liked" facebook's third quarter earnings as the social media powerhouse showed progress, making money from its mobile users. In its second quarter as a publicly traded company, facebook posted adjusted earnings of 12 cents a share, a penny above analysts' estimates. Revenues also came in slightly better than expected at just over $1.25 billion. The bright spot-- big gains in mobile ad revenues. 
>> This quarter, mobile advertising accounted for 14%, so that's over $140 million. That's pretty stunning, and that's significantly above what analysts were expecting, so i think what we have here is a little bit of momentum. And if facebook can keep it going, I think the mobile monster that's been plaguing them and sort of keeping the share price down, it could maybe crawl back under the bed for a while. 
>> Susie: Facebook shares jumped over 9% in after-hours trading to over $21 a share. But its still well below the i.P.O. Price of $38, and analysts think the stock could trade lower as lockups expire and faceook employees unload nearly a billion shares before the end of the year. 

[00:11:07]


>> Tom: The presidential campaign is down to its last two weeks, with president obama and governor mitt romney taking different tactics the day after their latest debate. Governor romney released a new ad using a criticism he deployed in last night's debate. 
>> The president began an "apology tour," going to various nations and criticizing america... 
>> Tom: In his own ad, the president answered critics who say he hasn't laid out his plan should he win re-election. 
>> Here's my plan for the next four years: Making education and training a national priority. Building on our manufacturing boom. Boosting american-made energy. Reducing the deficit responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more. 
>> Tom: While nther candidates mentioned the fiscal cliff in last night's debate, they did talk a little about the automatic spending cuts piece of the fiscal cliff. 
>> And I will not cut our military budget by a trillion dollars, which is a combination of the budget cuts the president has, as well as the sequestration cuts. That, in my view, is making... Is making our future less certain and less secure. 
>> First of all, the sequester is not something that I've proposed; it is something that congress has proposed. It will not happen. The budget that we are talking about is not reducing our military spending, it is maintaining it. 
>> Tom: Darren gersh is our washington, d.C., Bureau chief. 
>> Well, I have to tell you, the defense industry was really excited about this. The ceo of the aerospace industry association had a conference with reporters and said she left out of her chair with joy when she heard this noise. They're very excite body t. The white house was spending time walking this back saying that basically the president didn't say anything new. The sequester was never intended actually to take effect. That's what the president meant when he said we'll find a way to get past this. What I am hearing from people in washington and familiar with what's going on is that there's more optimism about reaching a deal. Not huge optimism, but more than there was before. 

[00:13:18]


>> Tom: Every journey starts with a step forward. What conditions has the president put out there publicly in order to avoid a fiscal cliff and get support? 
>> It seems pretty clear that the president is insisting that the debt limit be extended and raised so that we don't have another one of these cliff hanger decisions about whether or not the u.S. Is ing to default. He definitely wants to move that off for a year or two. He's also insisting, though, on more revenue from upper income taxpayers, and that's going to be a huge issue of debate and contention with republicans. 
>> Tom: Finally, all of this is going to change in two weeks certainly, but how could it change? How could the tone of the public debate change? 
>> Well, if the president wins his hand is strengthened, and he'll be able to come in and say I toll the american people they wanted more revenue from upper income taxpayers. So let's work that deal out. 
>> Tom: Right. 
>> But I'm also hearing that even if the president loses, there might be a chance to get an agreement in this lame duck session after the election, because the president might want to tie up loose ends. Might be his last chance to make a fairly substantial deal on the deficit. 
>> Tom: Part of the legacy. Darren gersh in washington, d.C. 
>> Thanks, tom. 
>> Susie: Boeing is revving up production of its hot-selling 777 jumbo jet. Thanks to heavy demand, boeing is boosting its production rate by 20% on its everett, washington, assembly lines. It's now cranking out eight planes per month. Boeing releases third quarter results tomorrow. Analysts expect the company's revenues to jump 13% compared to a year ago, even though earnings could be down 20%. Target is selling its entire credit card business and getting a new partner. T.D. Bank will buy target's credit card portfolio and become the store's exclusive branded credit card issuer. The price tag, just under $6 billion, is equal to the size of target's credit card receivables-- what customers owe the retailer. The deal opens the way for t.D. Bank to expand its credit card portfolio and target can pay down its debt. Target shares rose slightly on the news, but tom, for most other companies, it was a day in the red as investors bailed out of stocks. 

[00:16:12]


>> Tom: Let's get going with tonight's "market focus." U.S. Stocks suffered another sharp sell-off. It started right at the opening bell after sour earnings from two global giants, dupont and 3m. The index finished lower by 1.4%. Looking at the s&p 500 exchange traded fund, year to date, the sell-off today and friday have taken the e.T.F. To its lowest level since early september. We have a closer analysis of that chart from michael kahn on OUR WEB SITE, nbr.com. It's under the blogs tab. Trading volume totaled 668 million shares on the big board; 1.8 billion traded on the nasdaq. All ten of the major stock sectors were lower, led by the materials sector, down 3% and energy falling 2.4%. The financial sector was down 1.6%. Chemical giant dupont pushed the materials group down. As erika mentioned earlier, dupont was among the companies with a disappointing quarter and outlook. Earnings per share were 14 cents less than estimates. Revenues also came up short. The company will cut 1,500 jobs, blaming half the cuts on a weaker economy. Shares fell hard, down 9.1% on heavy volume. It was the leading percentage loser among dow jones industrial stocks. 3m also pressured the dow with shares falling 4.1%. This is the stock's lowest close since late july. It was a familiar refrain. Quarterly earnings were less than estimated and revenue was disappointing. The cpany cut its forecast, thanks in part to a strengthening u.S. Dollar cutting into its overseas profit margins. Other big names moving after their earnings today included united technologies, down 1%. U-t-x cut its sales outlook after better than expected earnings. Xerox fell 5.1%. It lowered its forecast as sales continue falling. U.P.S. Also had disappointing revenues but shares rallied 3%, thanks to growing shipping volume. After the close tonight, netflix warned its international expansion will erase profits this quarter. The third quarter was stronger than anticipated, even though earnings were way down from last year. Its more profitable dvd-by-mail business continues losing subscribers while its online business continues picking up. After closing higher by a half a percent, shares fell more than 16%, trading around $57 per share in after-hours action after warning of potential losses this quarter. Sirius/xm radio was also in focus in late trading. It fell another 2% from today's closing price. C.E.O. Mel karmazin will step down in february. Liberty media has been pushing to take control of the satellite radio provider. Four of the five most actively traded exchan traded products were down by at least 1%. The lone gainer was the s&p 500 volatility note, which ually moves in opposite direction that the broad market. And that's tonight's "market focus." 

[00:20:04]


>> Susie: Whirlpool is riding the tide of higher prices in north america. The company reported third quarter earnings today that beat analyst estimates by 20 cents and far exceeded what it made in the same quarter a year ago. The company also lifted guidance for the full year based on improved sales of appliances to building contractors. Whirlpool is benefiting from the recovery in the housing market as americans are taking on more home improvement projects. Diane eastabrook takes a look at how that pick-up in housing is spreading to other parts of the econy as well 
>> Reporter: It looks like home sales are finally out of the dog house. With mortgage rates at historic lows, housing starts have reached their highest levels in four years. Wells fargo housing economist richard dekaser says housing currently comprises only about 2.5% of u.S. Gross domestic product, but as it improves, he thinks it will have a dramatic influence on the economy. 
>> People go out and they buy new homes, and they purchase various kinds of merchandise furniture and appliances, for instance. That has a ripple effect which makes its way into the broader economy, and ultimately this has a powerful effect on overall macro-economic growth. 
>> Reporter: That's already beginning to happen for home improvement chains like home depot and lowes. The stocks of both companies have been tracking improvement in the housing market for several months. 
>> What we are seeing is that, with the improvement in the unemployment rates, they are benefiting from increased traffic and an increase in repair and remodeling activities. So I think that a lot of that has to do with the trends that we are seeing in the housing market today. 
>> Reporter: Tighter inventories of both new and existing homes is adding another dynamic to the u.S. Economy. Last week, the national association of realtors reported me prices jumped more than 10% year over year. Wells fargo's dekaser says that is creating a wealth effect that could influence everything from clothing to car sales. 
>> The rule of thumb that economists go by is for each dollar increase in wealth, there will be stimulated consumer spending to the tune of about five cents over time. However, research has found that response to rising real estate values is even greater than other asset values. 

[00:22:17]


>> Reporter: Dekaser emphasizes the housing market is still in the early stages of a recovery, so another recession or rising unemployment could derail home sales and sales of everything else that goes with them. Diane eastabrook, nbr, chicago. 
>> Tom: Tomorrow on nbr, the latest on housing with new home sales as we continue our week- long housing coverage. And a look at the video game industry ahead othe holidays as the company behind farmville, zynga, looks for a new hit. 
>> Susie: Just their first names were enough to sell products: Tiger and lance. The two were among the best known athletes nike used to sell its gear. But as scandals brought disgraces to both of them, nike is moving away from the celebrity endorsers it created. Here's sports analyst rick horrow. 
>> Tiger woods and lance armstrong helped nike sell billions of dollars of clothes and sporting equipment, leading to profits for shareholders. But the egregious scandals surrounding them, and the changing nature of star athlete endorsements, mean nike's new multi-billion dollar advertising campaigns are moving away from celebrity and to average joe. The shift to using non- celebrities sometimes is made out of necessity, such as during the olympics when nike wasn't an official sponsor. Unable to feature olympians during an imposed marketing blackout, the company's "find your greatness" campaign showcased everyday athletes. Heinken's dos equis beer brand spokesman is the most interesting man in the world. Berkshire hathaway's geico insurance unit uses the geico caveman. Companies with large marketing budgets don't always rely on celebrities in ads. For nike, following the downfall of two of its most prominent endorsers, creative campaigns featuring the athlete next door are a safer allocation of ad dollars when it comes to driving sales. I'm rick horrow. 
>> Tom: Finally tonight, a major gift for new yorkers. Billionaire hedge fund manager john paulson pledged $100 million to the central park conservancy. It's the largest gift ever to a public park. Half will go to the park's endowment, the rest will be used to spruce things up. After all, central park is 155 years old. Paulson called central park the most deserving of all the city's cultural institutions, and said his grandparents had their first date there. Paulson's known for making billions by betting on the collapse of the housing market. 

[00:24:59]


>> Susie: Lovely donation. 
>> Tom: That's "nightly business report" for tuesday, october 23. Good night, susie, and good night, everyone. 
>> Susie: Good night, tom. Thanks for watching, everyone. WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AT nbr.com, And back here tomorrow night. Captioning sponsored by WPBT Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org 
>> JOIN US ANYTIME AT nbr.com. There, you'll find full episodes of the program, complete show transcripts and all the market stats. Also follows us on our facebook page-- bizrpt. And on twitter @bizrpt. 

﻿Title: Noticiero Telemundo
Description: Las noticias nacionales e internacionales que son importantes a la comunidad hispana.
Channel: 406 - TELE
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 1/1/2000
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Up? >> This is a comeback team. >> We bring you 

﻿Title: Noticiero Univisi??n
Description: Noticias del Mundo de ??ltima hora, comentarios y opini??n, deportes, pol??tica, trabajos y educaci??n.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 1/1/2000
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

President. What he said to obama. Mitt romney que se empe??a en hacerlo bien. >>Aseguran que cad??ver robado en coaguilas, en una morgue, s?? era de lazcar. >>Y les mostraremos una ballena que hablo e imit?? voces humanas, se sorprender??, comenzamos. >>Que tal muy buenas noches jorge ramos tiene el dia libre y despu??s del debate no viene la calma, los candidatos entraron en un periodo incierto, no pueden aflojar la campa??a porque ambos estan empatados >>el sondeo despu??s del debate puso a barak obama sobre mitt romney. Otro sondeo los vio empatados. Lourdes del r??o estuvo ah?? >>fue un debate m??s sosegado, no tan agresivo. >>Lo que tenemos que hacer respecto a medio oriente es ser l??deres fuertes, no de pronto un 

[00:02:00]


poco descabellados pero s?? tener una mano dura esas son las opiniones que usted ha dado sobre la campa??a >>estamos hablando sobre medio oriente, de la confusion que estamos viviendo, atacarme a m??, no es decir como vamos a manejar la situaci??n en medio oriente. >>Fue una lucha, por barak obama para demostrar que ha tenido un buen desempe??o y el empe??o de mitt romney por demostrar que el puede hacerlo mejor >>hemos visto al presidente de estados unidos dictar una maestria en pol??tica internacional. >>Mitt romney entiende cual es el papel de estados unidos, como enfrentar a los enemigos. >>Gran parte del debate se centro en medio oriente, china, latinoam??rica no fue mencionado mayormente,solo que mitt romney dijo que quer??a mantener relaciones comerciales. >>Menciono tener menos barcos que en los a??os 60 pero tambi??n tenemos menos caballos, porque es la naturaleza del ej??rcito >>la frase, fue la m??s comentada anoch en las redes sociales 

[00:04:00]


>>barak obama estara en ohio, estado clave. >>El presidente barak obama y mitt romney se hicieron mutuas acusaciones durante el debate, pero cuantas de las declaraciones fueron ciertas, falsas o medias ciertas. >>Gobernador, me alegra que reconozca que haya una amenaza, cuando se le pregunto dijo que hab??a una amenaza rusa, ahora dice al qaeda. >>En marzo cuando fue entrevistado dijo que rusia era sin duda nuestro mayor enemigo >>el que barak obama haya pedido disculpas en medio oriente, es algo que la campa??a de mitt romney ha hablado. >>Pero no es cierto, porque barak obama nunca pidi?? disculpas >>cuando fue candidaton 2008 yo dije, si tuviera a bin laden en la mira, lo acabaria. Y usted dijo, no vale la pena remover cielo y tierra por un solo hombre >>no podemos tener chicos graduandose en la universidads y no tener empleos. >>Pasando de las relaciones exteriores ala econom??a, lo que dijo el gobernador mitt romney es cierto, las estadisticas muestran que el 25% de los 

[00:06:04]


graduados no encuentra empelo >>hemos realizado las penas m??s fuertes contra ir??n. Lo que ha perjudicado la econom??a >>y es cierto ,las sanciones son las m??s fuertes. >>Con verdad, o verdad a media, el tercer debate ha pasado a la historia, la campa??a termina en s semanas y ser??n los votantes que tengan la decisi??n >>y naleo adivirtio que m??s de 200 mil hispanos con derecho a voto pordr??an no poder votar por las medidas restrictivas de cada estado >>m??s de 12 millones, aumento en 25% comparado con el 2008, aun as??, ser??n m??s afectados para votar. Segun nuevo estudio de naleo >>el departamento de justicia, cortes federales han prevenido que esto entrara en vigor en varios estados >>219 mil latinos enfrentar??n dificultades, para 2013 esto se elevar??a dependiendo de las medidas que entren en vigor en 

[00:08:04]


18 estados, incluyendo ohio, wisconsin, la florida entre otros >>la mayor??a son legislaturas republicanas en su mayor??a, de limitar y hacer que tenga impacto en los votantes minoritarios >>en nicaragua para votar se necesita una c??dula, como en todas partes. >>Un estudio de organizaciones civiles, dicen que peligra el voto de 10 millones de hispanos. >>Por otra parte, naleo estimo que el n??mero de miembros en la c??mara de representates aumentar?? en 25 m??s. >>Cada vez son m??s los que emigran de centroamerica y m??s los que regresan deportados se disipan dudas de si el cad??ver robado era o no de los zetas. Vicente fern??ndez se somete a delicado examen. 

[00:13:26]


<Las autoridades dijeron que la oscuridad y carretera resbalosa podr??a haber sido causa de un aparatoso choque en santa clarita que incluyo a 9 camiones >>en algunas zonas como el norte de la sierra nevada cayeron 2 pulgadas de nieve, el clima obligo a sacar las barredoras de nieves >>ciudad de connecticut obligo a la autoridad a tomar acuerdo, debido a medidas que discriminaban a hispanos, esto permite que los agentes dejen atr??s acusaciones. >>En lo que va del 2012 han aumentado las deportaciones de centroamericanos desde estados unidos >>grupos cada vez m??s numerosos de migrantes tratan de llegar a estados unidos, es com??n para quien los ha visto pasar a diario por muchos a??os >>el a??o pasado iban 40 o 50, ahora ya no, sino que de cientos para arriba >>guatemala, honduras y el salvadoror estarian expulsando a m??s de 600 de sus naci??nales al 

[00:15:28]


dia. La precaria situaci??n economica, mueven a este mar humano. Esto explicaria por qu?? las deportaciones han aumentado. >>Buses y aviones que llegan a diario con cientos de deportados, dan cuenta de ellos >>ellos han dejado familia alla'quieren tambi??n volver a estar con ellos >>pero personas que han pagado miles de d??lares para lograr que su familia pueda viajar >>como el caso de este hombre que vendio a un usurero su casa para enviar a su hijo que despu??s volvi?? deportado >>en san salvador, salvador castellanos univisi??n >>en otras noticias, los habitantes de col??n panam?? llevan 4 dias de protesta, se adjudicaron la venta de terrenos historica. Organizaciones piden derogar la ley. >>El presidente de m??xico felipe calder??n y enrique pe??a nieto se reunieron hoy por sexta ocasion en la residencia oficial de los 

[00:17:28]


pinos. No se ha informado oficialmente de qu?? conversaron, pero se supo que acompa??aban los secretarios de hacienda y econom??a >>piezas fueron halladas en machu picchu, las ofrendas datarian del a??o 1438 a 1470. >>Si hab??a dudas, parecen haberse disipados luego de exhumar restos de la madre del lascar, pues habr??a sido cierto que a quien abatieron a tiros si fue heriberto lazcano lazcano. >>Exhumaron y tomaron muestras de uno de los cuerpos de uno de los padre de lazca, restos extraidos de una tumba que no tenia nombre en la sepultura. >>Antes de que se den a conocer los resultados de adn, el jefe de oficina de narcoticos en estados unidos, confirmo que autoridades dijeron que tenian el 100% de certeza de que se trataba de ??l. 

[00:19:28]


>>Estan los resultados, nadie podr?? negar cient??ficamente que el cad??ver presentado no corresponde a lazcar, lo dem??s es leyenda >>y la leyenda inicio al momento de que su cuerpo fue robado de una morgue, tambi??n ademas de cotejar sus huellas, le extrajeron sangre >>de ah?? vamos a extraer los nucleos de celulas presentes y se obtendr?? un perfil gico. >>Mientras se coteja la informacion el cuerpo sigue sin aparecer. >>Una comunidad de new jersey est?? de luto, pues la busqueda de una ni??a de doce a??os tuvo un desenlace faltal, su cad??ver su hallado en un contenedor de reciclaje >>jerry sandusky fue traslado desde una c??rcel a una prision en pensylvania. >>Fue declarado culpable de abusar de diez ni??os en periodo de 15 a??os y est?? sentenciado a lo menos a 30 a??os de prision >>y vicente fern??ndez acudio a houston para realizarse una 

[00:21:29]


biopsia, dijo que le hallaron una bolita de 2 cms, en el h??gado, pidi?? al p??blico que no se alarmara pero que rezaran >>ahora pasamos con enrique acevedo para un adelanto de la edici??n nocturna >>se repartieron volantes con fechas equivocadas nuevamente en maricopa. >>Tambi??n hablaremos de la entrada y salida de mexicanos en este pa??s >>tambi??n en laboratorio acusado de propagar un brote de meningitis se encontraron hongos en otros productos, tambi??n se dice que la autoridad conocia el modo de operar de este lugar >>y como cambia la migracion, >>ahora solo 6 de cada diez migra. >>Estaremos pendientes. Diario el planeta tiene una vacante ya que clark kent presento su rencucia >>cientificos presentan a ballena que habl??. 

[00:23:37]


Tan aguda es la crisis 

[00:26:44]


econ??mica en grecia que dos equipos de f??tbol aficionado han tenido que recurrir a la profesi??n m??s antigua del mundo. Ahoralos patrocinan dos burdeles y usan una polera rosada, un tercer equipo es patrocinado por una funeraria >>y clark kent paso a engrosar la fila de desempleados. El nuevo escritor de superman hizo oros cambios, luisa lane sostiene un romaahora con otro hombre. Como cambian las cosas. >>Hoy terminamos el noticiero contandoles que una ballena habla, bueno hablo, porque ya muri??. >>Normalmente estamos acotumbrados a escuchar del canto de una ballena, pero que habla? Son emitidos por una ballena de nombre nousing, son una clara imitacion de la voz de cualquier ser humano. Descubrieron estos sonidos por casualidad cuando un buzo nadaba 

[00:28:47]


cerca. >>Fue que instalaron micr??fonos y aparatos para monitorearla,al revisarlos descubrieron que los sonidos eran similares a voces >>la ballena muri?? en 1999 a la edad de 2 a??os en san diego california. >>As?? terminamos el noticiero con la ballena que hablo. Muchas gracias por habernos acompa??ado. 

﻿Title: Noticiero Univisi??n: Edici??n Nocturna
Description: Las noticias m??s importantes del d??a.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:35:00 PM
Original Air Date: 1/1/2000
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: NOW With Alex Wagner
Description: Forces driving the day's stories.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 11/14/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Incident he pivoted to mali. We see in libya an attack, apparently by I had think we know now by terrorists of some kind against our people there, four people dead, our hearts and minds goes to them. Mali has been taken over by al qaeda-type videos. 
>> The pattern would continue on nearly every major issue romney stood with the president. 
>> We're going to have to recognize that we have to do as the president has done. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. Would you have stuck with mubarak? 
>> No. I believe as the president indicated and said at the time i supported his action there. 
>> I don't want to have our military involved in syria. 
>> What you heard governor romney said he doesn't have different ideas. 
>> I will stand with israel if they are attacked. 
>> First of all, I want to underscore the same point the president made. We will stand with isra. They laid out seven steps. Crippling sanctions were number one and they do work. You're seeing it right now in the economy. 
>> I'm glad that governor romney agrees with the steps we're taking. We're able to transition out of afghanistan. 
>> When I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. It's widely reported drones are being used in drone strikes and I support that and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology. 
>> Governor romney found any ground for disagreement it was with himself. Before he agreed with the president about pulling out our troops from afghanistan in 2014 he believed this -- 
>> he announced the date of the withdraw of our forces based upon a political calendar not the calendar the commanders on the ground said was based for our mission. This president has made it difficult for our troops to be successful in that mission, number one announcing a withdraw date for our troops. 
>> I think it was a mistake to say the date we withdraw. 
>> While romney trumpeted the pursuit of peaceful and diplomatic means with regard to iran last night he said this during his mantle of leadership speech two weeks ago. 

[00:02:09]


>> For the sake of peace, we must make clear to iran through actions, not just words, that their nuclear pursuit will not be tolerated. 
>> And as taking out osama b laden and pakistan, president obama did some of his own live fact checking. 
>> When you were a candidate in 2008 as I was and I said if i got bin laden in our sights i would take that shot, you said, we shouldn't m heaven and earth to get one man. You said we should ask pakistan for permission and if we had asked pakistan for permission we would not have gotten him. It was worth moving heaven and earth to get him. 
>> At a florida rally this morning, the president questioned romney's about face. 
>> We're akous tommed to see politicians change their positions from like four years ago. We are not accustomed to seeing politicians change their position from four days ago. 
>> And even vice president joe biden, that old poker face, couldn't hide the surprise. 
>> Governor romney seemed to be rushing to agree with everything the president had done. Rattling the saber to being doves. 
>> Getting in on the action even conservative radio host glen beck tweeted am glad to know that mitt agrees with obama so much. No really, why vote? So, will mitt romney have to apologize to conservatives for abandoning the neocon foreign policy positions he's been promising throughout the election? Perhaps. But perhaps the gop has finally resolved the paradox of the mittens. Namely, that what you see isn't really what you get. In fact, it might not ever have existed to begin with. Joining us now from washington to resolve these and other presses issues is david wood, senior military correspondent with "the huffington post." David, before I go to you, i just want to bring in our panel first on a few things before i get your expert opinion on all things military. And I want to ask governor rendell who I know must be champing at the bit to give his impressions about last night's performance be and specifically how this nets out in terms of the election? Does this help the president measurably? 

[00:04:18]


>> Well probably not. I was tweeting with a friend of mine during the debate who works for the foreign policy institute and she said the president's mopping the floor with him. Romney seems naive. I tweeted back do you think to the average joe and she tweeted back probably not. I think governor romney did enough to convince the average american that he was conversant with foreign policy and by a aligning himself with the president he absolutely reassured americans that there's not going to be hawkish guy in the white house, that they're going to have to worry about having another ground war in asia. I thought president obama won the debate dramatically on points. In terms of changing votes i think what the romney campaign did was very smart because all the walk backs, they're viewed by a million people. Last night was viewed by 50 million people. 
>> Howard, I think what you're seeing today in the aftermath of this debate is the president trying to make the walk backs and romnesia a character issue to undermine any belief that americans may have, okay. I can trust this guy that's not an elite plutocrat. 
>> The president has been making that since the first debate and it's not clear it's working all that ctively. When people are watching the debate you have 50 million people watching in real time making assessments about the caidates f themselves. If they're watching ads or reading the newspapers that's a different way they're judging the candidates. Sometimes people are more interested in looking with their own eyes and listening with their ears than rea a newspaper or what someone else says about a candidate. This is so far we were promised an etch a sketch moment. It came. 
>> We're getting several of them. 
>> Several of them. One a day. 
>> Tidal wave. It's come later than a lot of us thought it was going to but it's come and you'll -- you see president obama doing everything he can to try toney in that box that he was in for the longest period of time. It's not clear how effective it is. 

[00:06:20]


>> Dave wood, the president used a term last night air brushing history. And my colleague rachel maddow speaking after the debate said it's one thing when trying to air brush your position on light rail, another thing when talking about war and tens of thousands of americans who have been involved in this war still serving overseas. What was your impression of romney's whitewashing of his previous positions? 
>> Well, actually, alex, you know, I tried to watch the debate through the eyes of army and marines corps infantry men in afghanistan and I think i would have been hugely disappointed and felt het down for this reason. When they talked about afghanistan they were both saying by the end of 2014 the afghans will be able to take over and we can go home. In the words of president obama, none of that is true. The afghans aren't going to be ready. They're not ready now. They're going to be hugely dependent on american military power to stave off the collapse of their government and to keep the taliban at bay. Neither guy addressed that. There was a huge opening for somebody to say, you know, we're facing a cliff in 2014 at the end of 2014 and we better get ready for it. I think there was a huge missed opportunity on both their parts. And the other thing that i thought was curious was, mitt romney bringing up north mali twice. 
>> Yes. Why -- what was that. 
>> Whoever heard -- I've been to north mali so I have a little -- I don't think there are manyf us who have been. 
>> And north mali, was that basically an opportunity for mitt romney to say hey, look, I'm such an expert bringing up parts of the world we don't usually talk about on the national stage? 
>> Perhaps that was it. I know about north mali. Really, there's been fighting back and forth across that part for decades and decades. It has little to do with core american national security issues. 
>> Frank, you know, you have been writing about this, the back and forth in these debates and have a piece out today. In terms of romney and his performance, "the new york times" editorial board, perhaps you're familiar with them, writes -- so setting aside the actual substantive policy pivot, the actual performance, a beauty pageant contestant groping for an answer to the fin question. 

[00:09:04]


>> I think it goes back to the north mali comment. There was this element, i thought, last night of rifling through the almanac and say i can name all these places and leaders. Almost sensed a hesitation before theunciation of a country or world leader to show he could get it right because had he's trying to show the avere voter who's less cynical than us and "the new york times" editorial board I am conversant. I don't know what we can guess to the average voter passes for conversant. As far as the overlap of obama's positions, that was fascinating. The romney's campaign's belief strategy from the beginning have been if we are not a scary alternative to obama there are many americans who would like to not vote for the president but need reassurance. How much more can you be than say I'm just the same. Different sir name, same foreign policy, nothing to be scared of here. 
>> It's the opposite of I am rubber you're glue. 
>> We're all rubber, all glue? 
>> All in a rubber room. 
>> Were you surprised how closely romney skewed to the president's positions? 
>> No. S there is the pattern he's been on. I came away thinking barack obama can new count you one 

﻿Title: NOW With Alex Wagner
Description: Forces driving the day's stories.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 11/14/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Aed military servicemen and women are not necessarily reliably breaking for the republican party. Do you think anything last night did anything to change them from one side or the aisle? 
>> Absolutely not. This is a generation of veterans who have been ten years at war, they went off to war having to make decisions on the ground, be creative, ignore the rules set up by the pentagon. They're used being out there cutting through the b.S. And adapting to the situation and so they, you know, they're coming back into this countries first of all feeling like they really earned the right to vote and they're determined to make it count and second of all, being very clear eyed and hard eyed about what choices there are. And so I think the veterans are going to be a big factor in this election. I'm not sure which way they're going to break but I think they're going to be an interesting factor. The other thing is from, again, from their point of view, that whole thing about horses and bayonets was really, it was funny but it was disturbing because there's a real point behind that and that is, that defense spending has got to be based on strategy and we don't really have one. Mitt romney doesn't have one and, you know, I'm sorry to say, I think the one the administration has is way outdated andds to be updated. We're really, you know, talking about the defense budget. We're really sort of flailing through the air without it resting on anythinactual, real and I think that the military and military families of veterans are going to look hard at that particular issue. 
>> Fascinating and fair point from david wood of "the huffington post." Always great to see you and have you answer our defense and existential questions. 
>> Thanks, alex. 
>> After the bri went to a fight and a hockey game broke out. Last night a foreign policy debate but domestic affairs kept coming up. How the candidates tried to change the subject next on "now." Hahahaha! Hooohooo, hahaha! This is awesome! Folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. I'd say Happier than a Slinky on an escalator. Get happy. Get GEICO. Melons!!! Oh yeah!! Well that was uncalled for. Folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. How happy, Ronny? Happier than Gallagher at a Farmers' Market. Get happy. Get GEICO. o5u??w?? now. Try this... Bayer? This isn't just a headache. TRUST ME, THIS IS NEW Bayer Migraine. 

[00:04:02]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE POWER OF Aspirin Plus more in a triple action formula to relieve your tough migraines. NEW Bayer Migraine Formula. ] new plan? Then you may be looking for help in choosing the right plan for your needs. So don't wait. Call now. Whatever your health coverage needs, UnitedHealthcare CAN HELP YOU FIND THE RIGHT Plan. Are you looking for something nice and easy? A medicare advantage plan can give you doctor, hospital and prescription drug coverage all in one plan... For nothing more than what you already pay for part b. You'll also have the flexibility to change doctors from a network of providers dedicated to helping you stay healthy. Call now to learn more. UnitedHealthcare HAS THE INFORMATION YOU Need so you'll be better prepared when making medicare decisions. Maybe you'd just like help paying for your prescriptions. Consider a part d prescription drug plan. It may help reduce the cost of your prescription drugs. Remember, open enrollment ends friday, december 7th. CALL UnitedHealthcare To learn about medicare plans that may be right for you. Call now. 
>>> What's the best way to answer a question about the ouster oformer egyptian president hosni mubarak? Talk about energy and education. 
>> We've done experiments in nation building in places like iraq and afghanistan. And we've neglected, for example, developing our own economy, our own energy sectors, our own education system and it's very hard for us to project leadership around the world when not doing what we need to do. 
>> Throughout the night both candidates took a page from the same playbook and pivoted from forren to doughic affairs using any chance they can get. A trade war with china turned into a debate about romney's 2008 op-ed let detroit go bankrupt. 

[00:06:12]


>> If we had taken your advice governor romney about our auto industry we'd be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. 
>> I'm a son of detroit. My dad was heard head of a car company. I like u.S. Cars. I would doing nothing to hurt the industry. My plan to get the industry on its feet when it was in real trouble not to start writing checks. President bush wrote the first checks. I disagree with that. These companies need to go through a mgsds bankruptcy. 
>> The candidates got off track so many times one point moderator bob schieffer had to remind them about what they were supposed to be debating. 
>> Let me get back tooreign policy. 
>> Lisn -- 
>> I need to speak a moment. 
>> Okay. 
>> Let me, bob. 
>> With only 4% of the american public ranking foreign affairs as the most important problem this election, sometimes when life gives you hosni mubarak, you have to turn him into solyndra aid. I worked hard for that pun, joy. 
>> I like that. 
>> Timed it out at 9:30, they began at 9 and by 9:30 on to domestic affairs. I will say, to put the cynic in the closet, richard house of the council on foreign relations made the point on sunday -- I mean, foreign policy is in many ways tied to domestic policy. That said I am deeply disappointed these debates are over, there has not been any substantive discussion about energy, climate change, immigration, drug trade which is a foreign policy problem. 
>> Sure. 
>> The eurozone. 
>> Or that place called europe. 
>> The world was very small lt night. The middle east and there was israel, and the middle east, china and that's where the world ended. We didn't get into so many of the issues that have a much more direct effect on our economy and what happens in europe has a direct effect on what happens here. That wasn't discussed. As you said issues with mexico, the drug trade. They become more about sort of each of the two candidates' agendas going in, consultants pivot to the economy make the debate about this and the moderator that has a narrow set of issues they want to cover and so much of the rest of what matters to voters at the end of the day don't get covered. The debate was limited in. 

[00:08:37]


>> Governor, did you think when they did talk about domestic affairs, the auto bailout and some bit of gas prices and so forth, that resonated with the american public osh just campaign -- 
>> I think a little more so, although again, governor romney has consistently in these debates shown a wanton disregard for the facts. He said his plan was a managed bankruptcy and that he did favor some form of government aid. He talked about loan guarantees. Guarantees are only valuable if someone's willing to loan you the money. 
>> Right. 
>> And the point of it is and where president obama saved the auto industry nobody was willing to loan them the money or to invest, not bain capital not anybody else. Only government intervention could have saved the auto industry and the government had to write a check. I thought it was interesting governor romney said he balanced the budget of the olympics. He balanced the budget because the federal government wrote him a $1.2 billion check. 
>> Keep in mind he kept hammering the president on sequestration which is I think one of the great -- of the many whitewashes, how somehow sequestration is a problem for the white house and hammered him on the fact he wants to cut government spending on defense spending. It's okay to cut spending across the board for the poor and working class but nor to the defense sector. 
>> Don't you think the president was very effective when he said that the ten biggest spenders in the world don't spend more than we do on defense. I think the american people have to hear the truth on that. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Sorry, alex. 
>> These are two guys who managed to turn a question about gun control into a discussion about the importance of two parent family. So they're going to talk about what they want to talk about. You're right. Their consultants say people care about the economy, pivot, talk about the economy. Romney was told, hug the president as much as you can on foreign policy. 
>> Or quite literally. 
>> Also told women, women, women. Right in the first minute. 
>> Yeah. 
>> The very -- 
>> we learned last night governor romney's principle aim for foreign policy is to bring pes peace in the world. He used that phrase talked about peace. He's not going to start another war. He's not george bush. We're not going to go into the middle east. Very much aimed at women, dissociating himself from the failed republican foreign policy misadventures prior to president obama's tenure. Look, at the end of the day, be you get the question that the moderator wants to ask and then you get to answer it however you want. 

[00:11:06]


>> Aim to it not being scary. Remember he comes out of this republican primary process in which a lot of voters in the middle, a lot of moderate swing voters were where did these people come from. We're shocked it took him this long to pivot to the center but he had to say I'm not scary not michelle bachmann or herman kaine. If you looked at everything he said in the subtext it's I am not a scary alternative. 
>> Tommy franks and john bolton advising him on foreign policy. I can almost see "whatever happened to baby," I almost felt like -- 
>> one opportunity the president missed, to link him to the bush foreign policy because of the same advisors. 
>> He should have name dropped tommy franks directly. This was a genius who thought disbanding the iraqi army was a good idea and the people advising mitt romney are interested in a much more militaristic attitude towards iran and syria. We have to presume voters come in virgins. They haven't seen anything they know nothing and some who may be in that camp but you literally have to know nothing about mitt romney to not understand what he was saying a week ago. 
>> Should have pulled a scooby-doo. 
>> Coming up president obama releases a new add that conjures memories of a certain ronald reagan spot. Will the message move the needle? We will ask the obama campaign's ben labolt when he joins us live just ahead.Questions? Anyone have occasional constipation, diarrhea, gas, bloating? Yeah. ONE Phillips' Colon Health PROBIOTIC CAP Each day helps defend against these digestive issues with three strains of good bacteria. Approved! 

[00:13:25]


[ Phillips' Lady ] LIVE THE REGULAR LIFE. Phillips'. Ring. Progresso. In what world do potatoes, bacon and cheese add up to 100 calories? Your world. ?????? ?????? 
[ ispers ] Real bacon... Creamy cheese... 
[ whispers ] 100 calories... [ Chef ] Ma'am 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. 

[00:15:51]


>>> President obama barn storms swing states with a new second term outline and fresh message. While the campaign looks forward the president is reminding voters about yesterday. 
>> If you come town with a case of romnesia can't seem to remember the policies on your website, or the promises that you've been making over the six years that you've been running for president, if you can't even remember what you said last week, don't worry, obama care covers preexisting conditions. We can fix you up. 
>> Good line. We'll discuss team obama's plan as well as the challenges ahead when ben labolt joins us next on "now." hospital wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 
[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] now. Try this... Bayer? This isn't just a headache. TRUST ME, THIS IS NEW Bayer Migraine. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE POWER OF Aspirin Plus more in a triple action formula to relieve your tough migraines. NEW Bayer Migraine Formula. ] debt. Not everyone can understand it. The worry. The endless collection calls. We know what it's like... To be in your shoes. We're the providers OF CareOne DEBT RELIEF SERVICES. BERNIE DANCEL, WHO CREATED CareOne, Has been in your shoes. He once had his own battle with debt, which motivated him to start what is now the nation's largest brand of debt relief services. So call right noto speak to someone who understands 

[00:18:05]


-- and get your free customized plan. Our certified personal finance counselors have helped over 5 million people just like you. It's not a loan. It's not bankruptcy. It's debt consolidation with a payment you can afford. And we stand by our service with a 6-month money back guarantee, so there's no risk to you. We've been there. And we can help. Call us right now for your free customized plan. Or, visit us online. CareOne. WE KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE IN Your shoes. ] using 2001. And one wedding, 2 kids, 43 bottles of Olay Total Effects Many birthdays later, Still looks amazing. Thanks to the trusted performance of Olay. . 
>>> Three weeks ago, president obama held a small lead nationally and enjoyed a healthy margin in each of the battleground states. After three presidential debates his national lead has been wiped ouand the electoral map looks much more competitive. "The new york times" write us this morning quote -- an one more state with campaign advisors putting colorado at the top of the list. President obama begins a 72 hour blitzes to travel to six states at an event in florida this morning he unveiled a 20-page blueprint for america's future, 3.5 million copies of which are being distributed to counteract the critique he hasn't laid out a vision for a second term. 

[00:20:35]


>> In this campaign, I've laid out a plan for jobs, and middle-class security, and unlike mitt romney, I'm actually proud to talk about what's in it. Because my plan actually will move america forward. 
>> In conjunction with this the campaign released a sunny one-minute spot reminiscent of reagan's morning in america. 
>> There's no quit in america. You're seeing that right now. 5 million new jobs. Exports up 41%. Home values rising. Auto industry back. And our heros are coming home. We're not there yet, but we've made real progress and the last thing we should do is turn back now. 
>> The ad will air in nine battleground states. Joining us from chicago is national press secretary, for the obama campaign, ben the thundelabolt. Ben, last night big night for the president. We could not help but notice that he kept bringing back, as did mitt romney, the conversation to the economy. But that in conjunction with this blueprint and new add would seem to suggest the president still thinks he might need to close the deal on the economy with the american public. Your assessment is it. 
>> Well, we've said for a year and a half this would come down ato a choice between two economic visions. The president's building from the middle class out, education and research and development to create jobs, reducing the deficit in a balanced way and mitt romney the same ideas that crashed the economy and devastated the middle class in the first place. This isn't a new plan. The president talked about this on the stump throughout the campaign and in his convention speech. What we want to do is, it's an organizational plan to get it in the hands of undecided voters, into the hands of our supporters, everybody heading to the polls know what the president is going to do over the course of the next four years. 
>> Hourd, master strategist that you are, what do you make about that 3.5 million copies of this blueprint handed out across the country to give people the concrete facts with which to make the argument for the president or learn better about his policies for a second term. 

[00:22:46]


>> Much of the communications from the obama campaign have been about disqualifying governor romney which I think made perfect sense from their perspective. You have heard criticism perhaps he haven't offered enough of a vision for the second term. There probably are lots of undecided voters who will like to know what the president will do in a second term. Elections are always about the future. Probably make sense to do this. I don't know if two weeks is the right time to do it. See how much of the paid advertising follows the pam pletts, how much the president will talk about this on the stump. The american people generally want to know what the candidate will do going forward so this makes sense from that perspective. 
>> Probably worth noting ben, this is not the only strategy being pursued but the campaign is also running some aggressive ads regarding mitt romney and his career at bain. Some people last night thought the president was too aggressive with the governor. What do you make of that? You seem to think that aggression has worked and worked well for the president in the middle of the country? 
>> Listen. I think last night the american people saw one commander in chief sitting on the stage and that's the commander in chief that they've known. He made absolutely clear after a decade of war it's time to bring our troops home and time to reinvest those funds in rebuilding in america. I think that mitt romney was uncertain and he was wasn't study because he wouldn't be held accountable for the positions he's been taking over the past several years. He was wrong on iraq, wants to keep 30,000 troops the. Wrong on afghanistan. Wouldn't commit to getting our troops out the end of 2014. Wrong on osama bin laden. Said we should get the permission of the pakistanis before going after terrorists in pakistan. And so it was important for the president to press that case and contrast and I think that governor romney was left exposed on the foreign policy front. 
>> Those are all substantive arguments worth noting. You are also running an ad that features scott pelley asking governor romney about his 14% effective tax rate, bringing that whole chestnut back to the fore. Is that -- are we going to see more about the offshore bank accounts in the next two weeks? 

[00:25:00]


>> You might hear discussion of it. One of the economic issues on the table is tax reform and mitt romney is completely comfortable with somebody like himself, millionaires and billionaires paying a lower tax rate than middle-class families. The president doesn't believe he should pay lower than middle-class families and we should close those offshore loopholes and the wealthiest are playing by the same set of rules as everybody else. 
>> We have not heard the last of the cayman islands. Thank you to ben labolt for your time, sir. 
>> Thanks, alex. Coming up, last night we saw another example of governor romney's march to the middle. But did we also see a little bit of flop sweat? We'll grade the performances when we go back inside the debate studio with james lipton, just ahead. Bob... Oh, hey alex. Just picking up some, brochures, posters copies of my acceptance speech. Great! It's always good to have a backup plan, in case I get hit by a meteor. Wow, your hair looks great. Didn't realize they did photoshop here. Hey, good call on those mugs. Can't let 'em see what you're drinking. You know, I'm glad we're both running a nice, clean race. No need to get nasty. Here's your "honk if you had an affair with taylor" yard sign. Looks good. 
[ Male Announcer ] FEDEX OFFICE. Now save 50% on banners. money on gasoline. I am probably going to the gas station about once a month. Last time I was at a gas station was about...I would say... Two months ago. I very rarely put gas in my chevy volt. I go to the gas station such small amount that I forget how to put gas in my car. 
[ Male Announcer ] AND IT'S NOT JUST THESE Owners giving the volt high praise. Volt received the j.D. Power and associates appeal award two years in a row. ?????? ?????? hard family. And also to build my career. So I'm not about to always let my frequent bladder urges, or the worry my pipes might leak get in the way of my busy lifestyle. That's why I take care, with VESIcare. Once-daily VESIcare can help control your bladder muscle and is proven to treat overactive bladder with symptoms of equent urges and leaksday and night. If you have certain stomach or glaucoma problems, or trouble emptying your bladder, do not take VESIcare. VESIcare may cause allergic reactions that may be serious. If you experience swelling of the face, lips, throat or tongue, stop taking VESIcare and get emergency help. Tell your doctor right away if you have severe abdominal pain, or become constipated for three or more days. VESIcare may cause blurred vision, so use caution while driving or doing unsafe tasks. Common side effects are dry mouth, constipation, and indigestion. I've worked hard to get to where I am... r places to go than always going to the bathroom. So take charge of your symptoms by talking to your doctor and go to vesicare.com for a free trial offer. ] trade? With scottrader streaming quotes, any way you want. Fully customize it for your trading process 

[00:28:25]


-- from thought to trade, on every screen. And all in real time. Which makes it just like having your own trading floor, right at your fingertips. 
[ Rodger ] AT SCOTTRADE, Seven dollar trades are just the start. Try our easy-to-use scottrader streaming quotes. It's another reason more investors are saying... 
[ All ] I'M WITH SCOTTRADE. 
>>> Character development, romney land edition. Several months ago james lipton offered governor romney sage advice. 
>> Don't try to go with what you haven't got. Stick with the type casting. Go with what you've got and who you are. If not your best option, I think it's your only option. 
>> Did the governor take lipton's notes? We will look at the evolution of the romneynominee when mr. Lipton joins us next on "now." ?????? ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] YOU CAN ALWAYS MEASURE The growth of your children By the way they clean themselves in the bathroom. TtVWKUN+og#WVS#q'PPU;V?2V.AC=u!L4'p/Wl??k??0K9%"@NKGH@??&;PT Try charmin ultra strong. With a new duraclean texture, charmin ultra strong helps you get clean. Plus it's four times stronger than the leading value brand. And you can use up to four times less. Good news for even the biggest kids in the family. We all go. Why not enjoy the go with charmin ultra strong? 

[00:32:50]


>>> Governor romney was a scary boss during the second debate which kind of boss was he at last night's showdown. At the very least he was a nervous one. Ill at ease in the board room and plagued by a sweaty upper lip. Perhaps not helping matters at all president obama launched a volley of zingers aimed at portraying romney as a throwback to a time long, long ago. >>80s ARE CALLING TO ASK FOR Their foreign policy back. The cold war has been over 20 years. Our foreign policy you want to import the foreign policies of THE 1980s LIKE THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s AND ECONOMIC POLICIES OF THE 1920s. You mentioned the navy, for example, and we have fewer ships than in 1916. Governor we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers with planes land on them, we have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. The question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. It's what are our capabilities. 
>> Here with a look at last night's final matchup, host of bravo's "inside the actor's studio" the legendary james lipton. I am -- as always, curious to find out what your assess ment of the performances was last night. Let's start with governor romney if we might. What did his demeanor, the sweatiness, his behavior on stage last night say to you? 
>> The key word here is sweatiness. There's a word in our lexicon, the theatrical lexicon, flop sweat. He was -- he had that problem early on in the campaign when you felt he was tap dancing as fast as he could and sweating hard. There's another word, another term of ours I would like to introduce and apparently my final appearance. 
>> Certainly not your final appearance on the show. In the series, act three. 
>> Okay. And the term is stage fright. He was -- I sensed it a bit, and stage fright is often becomes apparent when you see a little sweat appearing. He did not seem comfortable last night. He did seem comfortable in the first debate, of course. But he did not in this one. There's another term that i would like to introduce finally, and that is timing. Timing is very important. It's important in the theater and very important in politics. His timing was impeccable in the first debate. He held his own sort of in the second debate but obama's timing came back at that point and i think that in his one, hes lost it -- romney lost his timing almost completely. For example, when they were talking about his policies, he tried to take us back as we -- as the president pointed out to 1916 for military policies, to THE 1920s WHEN HARDING, COOLIDGE And hoover tried to convince us what's good for business is good for the country. We all saw the result of that. 1950s FOR THE SOCIAL POLICIES HE Sounded like a laudite at that point and began to sound old and I think that was a disadvantage for him in this debate. 

[00:36:09]


>> Frank, "the new york times" i believe it was, had an article not many days ago about romney's weirdly inac crow nistic language and as mr. Lipton points out, almost he uses a sort of -- 
>> golly and gosh, golly, gosh, beginning sentences with why i, the sort of dorothy in oz language. 
>> He does seem like a man who's in the quite of the modern world plagued him throughout the campaign and he's lived a very sheltered life in many regards. There's a truth to that. And last night you say saw him in the debate when it came to foreign policy and the sweat as mr. Lipton was talking about. What's great about these debates is they have shown us very candid glimpses of the candidates. Foreign policy is probably the one topic that mitt romney is least comfortable discussion and lo and behold he appears on camera and looks the least comfortable discussing it. I le the way this debate like others has gotten at the very central truths about the candidates. 
>> We talked about the split screen being sort of maybe sometimes an enemy, sometimes a friend. The other thing we haven't mentioned there are no commercial breaks. These men are on camera the entire time. If, for example, you have flop sweat as mitt romney did last night how can you do anything about it? 
>> He all know that during a commercial it's when somebody kind rushes out and makes us look be presentable again. 
>> I know that well. 
>> You look swell all the time. 
>> Oh, you're invited next. 
>> I knew I would get back on the show somehow. That was my opening. See how I seized it. 
>> Timing. 
>> But go ahead. 
>> To that point, I mean, it is an unforgiving media. Not only are you on camera the entire time you're on the split screen, no cans for a reprieve, and when you are dealing with something like foreign policy which mitt romney was clearly not comfortable th, there are little rooms you can go into for privacy and recollecting one's spirit. The president was on o the aggressive last night and i wonder what you make of some of the complaints folks have said he was too aggressive with mitt romney. He almost just watching him in that split screen the way he looked at romney, at some points sort of looked like he wanted to tear his head off. 

[00:38:20]


>> I think he's unhappy with him. Yeah. And I don't think he's disguising it very much or even trying to disguise it anymore. Besides, a new romney keeps showing up. Romney is as elusive as a phantom. The minute you think you've got him pegg he disappears in a puff of smoke and mirrors. I think that's very annoying to a debater. When yourepare for a debate, as the president did for the first one, and somebody else shows up, it's very disconcerting and ca annoying because all you say is this is isn't the real you and your opponent will say this is the real me. It's up to the public to decide. I had two assignments when i began this adventure with you. One was to offer romney my council. 
>> Yes. 
>> And the other as it developed to search for the real romney. 
>> Yes. 
>> And in my search for the real romney as you know I finally came to a conclusion and it was confirmed for me certainly in the second debate and confirmed really in the last debate in the final debate, and that is, that what the challenger is offering us in the end is a boss. Now we talked about some of it before, a lot of nicer words for a boss, ceo, job creator with the wonderful second word that has a religious aura to it, capitalize that "c" and the halo appears. But perhaps the more accurate term would be profit creator which is what the -- somebody who runs a business really does. But that's forbidden because it sometimes implies the elimination of jobs. I am now firmly convinced after this long search I have located the real romney, at least for my own. 
>> Do we have a drum roll. 
>> Yes. Drum roll. He's a boss. He's the common word for the common theme. A boss could be very -- he can be benign, malevolent, he can be revered, he can be loathed but that's really what he's offering us. I think the american voters are really faced at last with this clear choice, at least from my point of view between a sitting president with a record that can be criticized or praised and a boss. If the -- if it turns out that american public wants a boss in the oval office, on november 7th and they elect him, it's what they'll get. He'll be a boss. There's a difference between a boss and president. 

[00:40:57]


>> Right. And inherent in the boss title is not necessarily values or moral core, but making things work and management and I think that is maybe what we've seen from mitt romney on the campaign. 
>> At least I have. 
>> I'm trying to identify him and perfectly willing to accept him as anything he presents himself as, but since I am the casting director at this table, I've been trying to cast him and got him and then finally i thought no, in the end, the real mitt romney, he's a boss. 
>> He's a boss. 
>> All that implies that can be very good or not. 
>> And it can be bad too. 
>> Governor -- I almost gave you the title of governor perhaps you deserve it for the eloquent assessment olast night. Thank you to howard, governor rendell, mr. Lipton, of course, frank and joy. That is all for now. I will see you back here tomorrow at noon eastern, 9:00 a.M. Pacific when joined by lawrence o'donnell, michael steele, jared bernstein and michael eric dyson. Find all sorts of exciting tidbits at facebook.Com/now with alex. "Andrea mitchell reports" is rachel grind to start her own interior design business. She's got a growing list of clients she keeps in touch with using e-mail marketing FROM ConstantContact.com. ConstantContact IS Easy and affordable. It lets her send out updates and photos that showcase her expertise and inspire her customers for only $15 a month. 

[00:44:49]


[ Dog barking ] her dream -- to be the area's hottest interior design office. 
[ Children laughing ] right now, she just dreams of an office. Get a free trial AT ConstantContact.com. 
>>> Right now on "andrea mitchell reports" final face-off. President obama plays tough. Governor romney plays it safe. 
>> I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy, but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east. Our navy is smaller than any time since 1917. That's unacceptable to me. I want to make sure we have the ships required by our navy. 
>> We also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. 
>> Romney's strategy, be agreeable. 
>> Would you have stuck with mubarak? 
>> No. I believe as the president indicated and said at the time that I supported his action there. We had to go into pakistan. 

﻿Title: On the Record With Greta Van Susteren
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

As obtained e-mails that al-qaeda link claimed responsibility r the benghazi as it was ongoing at the consulate. They sent them to the pentagon, white house a c.I.A. And state department. That means hundreds of national security figures received the emits in realtime. John bolton joins us. 
>> Good evening. 
>> Greta: Now that the paper trail. There is now proof that the state department and the white house knew as this was going on that a terrorist group with links to al-qaeda had claimed responsibility, facebook and twitter yet they came out with that ridiculous video story? 
>> This is no surprise. We know that the security guards at the compound in benghazi were in cellphone contact with the state department in realtime. Technology being what it is. They don't send old-fashioned and cables in times of great urgency. They send e-mails. Apparently we've got several of them that were widely distributed in the united states government. It's not surprisingly because the people on the ground in benghazi knew the security environment they faced and expected it. They had been cabling back asking for security enhancements. This is playing out of everything they worried about, now as you say, there is a paper trail. It's much harder to sweep away. 
>> Greta: According to what we can piece at 4:05 local time united states, 10:05 in benghazi cable, u.S. Diplomatic mission under attack. What we have been told during that time is that president obama, vice president biden and secretary of defense panetta were in the oval office together. There was a second e-mail at 4:54, third e-mail at 6:07 our time, 12:07 in benghazi and the 12:07 one was update to. They claim responsibility for benghazi attack. That the third e-mail. Apparently the facebook and twitter. In the e-mail tracks we have, there is never one, any reference to some videotape or some protest. 

[00:02:19]


>> Look, it's standard procedure for any diplomatic facility around the world. If there is a demonstration you report it back to washington. It's good method ideology so you can assess the threat level. There were no cables, no e-mails no nothing that day about demonstrations outside the consulate. With these e-mails show beyond a doubt that the state department was fully possessed of the information in realtime. It leads to the question why the administration asked for c.I.A. Assessments. All they this to do is ask the state dartment. Why didn't the c.I.A. Ask the state department what was going on. 
>> Greta: This situation according to the e-mail addresses, and by the way, yellow category, do you what that means? 
>> I don't know what that means. I have not understood the way this played out on september 11th and the day after, is why the entire top levels of administration weren't on red alert over this. I can't speak for what happened inside the obama. Any administration I would have been in, his top advisors would have been on this immediately. 
>> Greta: They actually went out with most ridiculous story. They had on september 16th which was five days after this happened, even though they knew it realtime, they knew it that night as they were watching it terrorist group on their state department website, it has a link to al-qaeda. They knew that night. They send ambassador rice out on sunday the 16th to go all those and lie and make up that story abo the video. Two days later, david letterman, president pushing the story. There is no place in the information we have so far that -- it's like they made it up. They also don't forget the ad that president obama and secretary of state clinton did that was shown in pakistan about that video. They knew it that night. I don't get it. 

[00:04:24]


>> This goes to the question we have discussed. What could the motivation be? One alternative obviously was considered is the cover-up. These e-mails say to me that if anybody at the white house thought they could cover the story up by referring to the mohammad video, with this documentary evidence in realtime it wasn't just a cover-up. It was an incredibly stupid cover up. This may be further proof ideology explanation, there is a screen over consciousness that prevents them from seeing reality when it is put in front of them. 
>> Greta: I can understand it's uncertain. They don't want the american people to know this specific group claimed responsibility as it happened. It wasn't they didn't know. They actually came up with some lying. 
>> It's worse than that. If in fact they wanted to buy ti, then it was certainly easy enough we're gathering the facts. But they picked a line that was politically convenient for them, regardless of the evidence, in the teeth of the evidence. Fact they pursued up and including the president speaking to the world that the united nations general assembly when there was just precious little to go on really speaks to me of willful blindness. I don't know psychologically how you can interpret it. 
>> Greta: Can you interpret any other way than a lie? 
>> If it is, if it is a cover-up and intentional deception how foolish can you be this is not going to come out at some point. 
>> Greta: Why would they come with the video in they could come up with something else, we're not of the group, but why come up with a video? 
>> I'm probably the person least able to come up with reasons why they think the way they do but the ideology explanation is most powerful because it explains why they refused repeated requests for security enhancements for EMBASSY BEFORE SEPTEMBER 11th. They didn't want to acknowledge that al-qaeda was resurging in libya because it under cut the story line on the war on terror is over and al-qaeda is on the run and arab spring has been a success. That led to the denials and request for security en has. That led to the strategy in benghazi and I think that led to this ridiculous story it was caused by some youtube video. 

[00:07:06]


>> Greta: I think the president should address this nation and sort this thing out. I think he should tell us. I think we deserve that. Ambassador, thank you. 
>> Now to the election, 14 days and candidates are hitting the swing states right after taking swings at each other. 
>> Nt end mitt romney was appealing to those people in america still undecided. People may be weary of war and they want to make sure that mitt romney is some bayonet waving warmonger. 
>> Half the time I didn't know whether governor romney was there to debate barack obama or endorse barack obama. 
>> I have a message for the governor, governor you can't run from the truth. You can't run from your record. You can't run from your policies. 
>> By the way, this line about horses and swords, I never did that to community organizer about his experience back in 2008. The point is his ridicule of mitt romney is was unpresidential and frankly in my view unacceptable. 
>> The truth is that attacks on me are not an agenda. We have gone through four debates, vice presidential debate and my debate we haven't heard an agenda from the president. That is why his campaign is taking on water and our campaign is going ahead. 
>> Before the debates general impression of romney, he was very stiff and that if he happened to be elected in president it would be a disaster. What you have after the debates, people feel this is qualified man and intelligent man and this is man we don't describe as stiff and totally out of touch. 

[00:09:09]


>> President obama has decided that his path to reelection is to distort, distract and see if he can win this election by default. 
>> If you come down with a case of romnesia, if you can't remember the policies on your website, if you can't even remember what you said last week don't worry. Obamacare covers preexisting conditions. We can fix you up. We can cure this disease! 
>> We saw obama the community organizer. We saw a panic I think barack obama. We saw a guy I think knows he is in trouble in ohio. Obama who appeared to be the challenger, not the leader and not the incumbent. Romney owned that. 
>> Greta: Tonight governor rosmdz taking the big lead in the swing state poll. Accoing to the rasmussen poll swing states, governor romney is leading 50-45%. That is biggest lead either candidate has held in last four weeks. Sarah palin joins us. Good evening. 
>> Hi, how are you? 
>> Greta: Very well. Your thoughts about last night's debate? 
>> Watching the debate in realtime, of course, it was a bit frustrating. I guess vicariously answer some of those false charges leveled against him by president obama and romney I think couldn't keep up with all theies and spin of barack obama. The mocking and the criticism and arrogance, petulant attitude it's so refreshingly that finally american voters can see minus the filter of the main stream media they can hear what mitt romney stands for and have faith that we have a good choice in contrast to the failed administration of barack obama. 

[00:11:21]


>> Greta: Many people in the republican party, burning up my e-mail account last night during the debate and also during our late show. They were complaining that governor romney didn't challenge president obama on the libya situation. It was rather sort of a gentle passing and everybody moved on. Your thoughts about that? 
>> I think now, 24 hours after this debate, now hearing your breaking news about what happened in realtime, the information that was provided to the state department to the white house, via these e-mails on the benghazi attack, I think mitt romney would have a different approach total answers in the debate last night. Why is it, it's fox news that has to break this news on september 11th those weeks ago, that our state department did know in realtime, 400 administration officials knew this benghazi attack was a terrorist attack. Yet they went out and lied to the american people for weeks on end. Now, 300 to 400 people that received these e-mails in realtime knowing this was an attack, their friends with people in the mainstream media. They party with these people. It's not the mainstream media who is busting the story the truth on this. They protected barack obama and his people in this administration? Allowing this lie to perpetuated this attack was due to some benign video that no one really has seen a trailer on youtube. It's ridiculous. 
>> Greta: It was my colleague, chad who is a producer who got these e-mails very late tonight and immediately e-mailed them all of us. Chad is the one who got them for us. It is sort of curious that this video story, I hate to be hung up on something. I really don't understand, why didn't he say, we don't know? Why did he try to deflect it? For the life of me, when something like happened on our property at the consulate on september 11th when they were watching it by the drones overhead. They knew the crisis was going on. They come up with this video story. When they knew right then and there in realtime a group they declared terrorists linked to al-qaeda and they talk about this video. 

[00:14:01]


>> Exactly. Keep trying to find what the purpose would be in this cover-up. Why the mainstream media in protecting obama would perpetuate this cover-up. It is appalling but it's not surprising. There is no moral compass in this administration. Is a corrupt mainstream media. What breaks uy heart about all this. The loss of four brave americans through thi tragedy is we have our sons and daughters overseas fighting for that freedom of the press in america. Yetthere is abuse of the freedom of the press where the press gets out there and they are free to the lie to american people about what isoing on. In the meantime, we have 6,000 troops to have lost their lives in iraq and afghanistan in these recent years fighting to protect the freedoms here in america. It absolutely breaks my heart. Perhaps I'm the wrong person to ask to comment on such a issue. I have loved ones in war zones. I think it's absolutely appalling. This more than anything else in the obama administration that they tried to pull the wool over the american public's eyes trying to pretend trying to pretend something other than the facts show. 
>> Greta: I wish the president would address the nation on this. Maybe I have it all wrong. I don't see it any other way. I hate to think our government lying to us. I can't figure this out. The evidence, I can't set it down.! There is an e-mail I realtime. It is what it is. If there is an explanation, i would really like to hear from the president. The president was in the oval office. Vice president was there. Secretary of defense and they are watching in realtime. They have phone calls. We have four americans that are literally trapped over there and shot to death or burned to death as we are watching. This whole video story is beyond me. 

[00:16:09]


>> Greta, don't be surprised that this administration is capable of lying. Look what barack obama even said last night. Tip of the iceberg, the lies he was throwing out. He tried to claim, sequestration was just a proposal. It's a lie. He says it ain't going to happen. Is he going to ignore the constitution and people? 
>> Greta:. 
>> Bob woodward says it was his administration. They are the ones. Now, they are trying to push it off on congress. 
>> And they is barack obama as an individual told the american people last night that it was just a proposal of congress's and it wasn't going to happen. Its law. He signed it. He has no respect for the different branches of government as the executive will fulfill the will of the people via congress. Last night, one thing after another with the false charges and false claims. Romney could not keep up with all the untruths and lies. Don't be surprised on this libya attack, too, that things aren't as they appeared. 
>> Greta: Governor, thank you. 
>> Straight ahead other new accusations leveled at obama administration. They tried to ve the lives of four americans murdered in libya or did they just watch? Liz cheney is here. 
>> We go on one on one with ohio governor john kasich. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. >>. 

[00:21:38]


>>> Now with respect to libya, as I indicated in the last debate. When we received that phone call I immediately made sure that number one, we did everything we could to secure those americans who were still in harm's way. 
>> Greta: But did the president do everything he could? New evidence that the obama administration new the libyan attack was terrorism. Fox news obtained internal hamas. Showing that al-qaeda linked group claimed responsibility for the attack in benghazi as the assault was ongoing. Liz cheney joins us. 
>> Good to be with you. 
>> Greta: They have penned and article and he said that we didn't move fast enough? 
>> I was re surprised, it's hard for me to be surprised what I hear president obama say. But to hear him say we did everything immediately to make people secure. What we know from the e-mails you broke a few moments ago, white house was getting reports, white house situation room is getting reports that the embassy and consulate was under attack. You have a group claiming credit for the attack and seven hours they did nothing. We know from testimony from charlene lamb they were following this in real time we know there was a drone overhead and for seven hours they did nothing to move any of the forces we had in italy to help protect our people. 
>> Greta: According to the article in italy, it's about 480 miles from benghazi which is a littlen hour flight. We didn+t put any planes in the air. We didn't put our special ops in the air. We didn't start moving anything to the area should we decide to go in there and protect them. 
>> You've got a situation in the united states where you have obviously this huge news story of t t presidential election. There is two weeks now from tonight you are going to be voting and know what the outcome is. At the same time you have a major, major news story of president of the united states not having provided the security that was requested, not responding when the consulate was under attack and frankly lying to the american people for as long as ten days after the attack. I hope that if the media is doing its job tomorrow and white house press briefing president will be asked, what did you do when you learned at 4:00 p.M., at 5:00 p.M. When you were sitting there, why didn't you order any action? Why didn't you order our forces to help protect our people? 

[00:24:24]


>> Greta: It is always easier with 20/20 hindsight. I'm hesitant to be critical that nothing was done to try to save them. We had seven hours we didn't even move any assets toward benghazi. He writes a story we could have buzzed the area and f-18 and scattered everybody, those planes are so scary when they come over you. It's like we no one said let's try something, let's try to help these people. As best I can see, I don't have all the intelligence. I don't have all the information, but it appears that we didn't do anything. 
>> It is impossible for me to believe that the secretary of defense would not have said to the president here are your options. We need to know, did the president reject those options. I would like to know where the secretary of state was in all of this. These e-mails were coming into the state department, situation room, these are people that are directly under her responsibility and authority. Where was she at 5:00 p.M. On SEPTEMBER 11th. What was going on, what did she recommend. 
>> Greta: I would love to know from the secretary of defense why we didn't, if anything was done. Were things moved in secret that I don't know about. I can't think of these four sitting in a compoun, two we know died of smoke inhalation. I don't know if we could have saved them or not. I don't know how long in the seven hours of hell that went on there. I would like know we tried to save our americans or tried to do something. I will say with some hesitation, it's 20/20 hindsight. 
>> If you look at west's article president reagan, 90 minutes you making a decision, order a plane that we new had terrorists on board. That was 90 minutes. This is 7 hours, you've got because you have the drone, you are seeing it in realtime. People are calling, we are under attack. We don't know where the ambassador is. We have been hit with mortars. We can't get to the annex. By the way, the group has claimed credit for this ongoing attack. The president of the united states sat in the oval office and did nothing. 

[00:27:00]


>> Greta: First e-mail came in at 4:05, another one at 4:54 that was peculiar. It says something diplomatic mission, compound has been cleared. Response team is attempting to locate personnel. The other one came at two hours later. 
>> You know we do know there was a break in the attack. We do know in terms of the mortar round they took the time to be able to realign and make sure the mortar rounds were directed where they needed to go. Some of the very initial information is sometimes wrong. That is absolutely true. I think we need to know exactly what was going on when the second e-mail was sent. Having said that, you had seven hours. 
>> Greta: We need to be hear from our government what happened. If they don't tell us, then we imagine things. 
>> Not just from the government but the president of the united states. 
>> Greta: Thank you. Our political panel, it comes down to the undecided voters. Did the final debate push anyone toward a decision. Also, now another city could fall in the big apple's footsteps. Is it junior city? Is it your city? fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. to future. Since ameriprise financial was founded back in 1894, they've been committed to putting clients first. Helping generations through tough times. Good times. Never taking a bailout. There when you need them. Helping millions of americans over the centuries. The strength of a global financial leader. The heart of a one-to-one relationship. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? grind to start her own interior design business. She's got a growing list of clients she keeps in touch with using e-mail marketing FROM ConstantContact.com. ConstantContact IS Easy and affordable. It lets her send out updates and photos at showcase her expertise and inspire her customers for only $15 a month. 

[00:31:03]


[ Dog barking ] her dream -- to be the area's hottest interior design office. 
[ Children laughing ] right now, she just dreams of an office. Get a free trial AT ConstantContact.com. >>. 
>>> I know you haven't been in position to executed foreign policy but every time you have offered an opinion you have been wrong. 
>> Greta:54 million viewers watched the debate. Not all made up their minds and the candidates want to dazzle with success. Did either succeed? Editor rick cline and bureau chief michael crowley and bob kusack. 
>> I think most people think president obama won but mitt romney got more out the have the debate. He looked presidential up there. He looked reasonable and responsible and plausible as commander in chief. That he was in command of the facts for most of the night. Tnk. 
>> Commander in chief but romney took a different tone. He applauded him when he gave him where credited is due. As undecided voters he isn't a repeat of the bush years. He seemed like a plausible and commander in chief. 

[00:33:06]


>> I agree with lot of what he said. I think it was clear the media consensus was a clear obama win. Romney has some goals. Look, romne3os goal was to go in there an indict obama's foreign policy, tear holes into what he was saying. I don't think he did that. It was sound to sound credible. I think he did succeed. It was amazing. He wanted to come out and he was going to come out with a john lennon t-shirt. We don't want iraq or entangled in syria. He wanted to pull a george bush halloween mask. It's not the neo cartoon with the ads in the campaign. That romney wanted to stay in iraq or afghanistan. Romney did a good job of pushing back on that. 
>> I do think he looked like a statesman. He landed so many blows. We're not going to remember this debate. We're going remember the first debate, especially if romney wins. He came across as a statesman and might have thrown obama off. I thought it was going to be continuation of the second debate. 
>> Greta: It's unbelievable the people still watching these debates. 
>> This is a grind and has so much intensity. There are a lot of people that can be swayed. From this point on, 14 days could decide it. 
>> Greta: What would you say to people undecided at this point? 
>> I think the classic profile for undecided voter is someone that voted for president obama four years ago and still likes him and believes the promise he represented but doesn't feel like things have moved in the right direction. That has been the hurdle for mitt romney and that is what made the debates so critical. To go toe to toe with the president to look like a possible alternative. They have to close the deal, president obama has to remind them what they felt four years ago. 

[00:35:24]


>> Ohio? 
>> As tight as can be right now. They are feeling really good for romney zblrg. 
>> Greta: They is all say. We're doing great. Everybody on both sides. 
>> But the numbers bear them out. It is getting closer. There is clear momentum on romney's part in ohio. I talked to democrats they feel like the auto bailout and also ohio is economy which is not as bad as national economy. A friend said unemployment out there 7%, most important number in american politics, john kasich is saying things are getting better. That could save obama in ohio and win the election. 
>> Greta: Up next, what is spooky for the republicans. No republican nominee has won without winning ohio. And two minutes, is the government going too f? Another city may ban sodas. That is two minutes away.Be tough ur retirement savings, especially in this economy. But with three kids, being home more really helped. Man: So we went to fidelity. We talked about where we were and what we could do. We changed our plan and did something about oureconomy. Now we know where to go for help if things change again. Call or come in today to take control of your personal economy. Get free one-on-one help from america's retirement leader. running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, we're teaming up with companies like cisco to help make sure everyone is ready with the know-how we need for a new tomorrow. 
[ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. ?????? ?????? >>. 

[00:38:33]


>> Greta: Another battle on the war on soda. Drink larger than 16 ounces and washington, d.C. City council may soon be taking up the beverage battle. They have voiced the support for restrictin soda size. They say it would combat obesity. One may introduce legislation in the near future. Other lawmakers say they don't want to tell people they can buy and sell. Two years ago a similar measure failed in washington city council. What do you think a ban on large drinks. Should the government step in in on public health issues? Should people ma you can their own decisions. Go to greta wire.Com. We are back in two minutes. ] hospital wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 
[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] ?????? keys, keys, keys, keys, keys. ?????? Well, he's not very handsome ?????? ?????? to look at ?????? 
[ sighs ] ?????? Oh, he's shaggy ?????? ?????? and he eats like a hog ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THE VOLKSWAGEN JETTA. Available with advanced keyless technology. Control everything from your pocket, purse, or wherever. That's the power of german engineering. ?????? That dirt old egg-suckin' dog ?????? best? It's eb. Want to give your family the very best in taste, freshness, and nutrition? It's eb. Want to give them more vitamins, omega 3s, and less saturated fat? It's eb. Eggland's best eggs. Eb's. The only eggs that make better taste and better nutrition... Easy. Eggland's best eggs. Better taste. Better nutrition. Better eggs. It's eb. is work. And his new boss told him twongs -- cook what u love, and save your money. Joe doesn't know it yet, but he'll wk his way up from busser to waiter to chef before opening a restaurant specializing in fish and me from the great northwest. He'll start investing early, he'll find some good people to help guide him, nd he'll set money aside from his first day of work to his last, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. >>. 

[00:41:43]


>>> Stocks, major indices landing in the red. Dow and s&p 500 closing in the lowest level in 7 weeks. 
>> Facebook releasing third quarter 2012 earnings, social networking topping expectations with 12 cents of revenue of $1.26 billion. This was much needed good news for facebook as shares have lost half their value since may initial public offering. 
>> Apple unveiling in san jose today. The mini ipad. It's 7.9 inch screen and start at 329. The unveiled a slimmer i-mac pro. Go to the fox business network giving you the power to prosper. 
>> Greta:13 days until election day and it leads straight to ohio. Why? Ohio, griff jenkins spoke one on one with john kasich. 
>> Reporter: Governor, a matter of days now, what is going to drive ohioans to vote for governor romney? 
>> I think people are trying to figure out what we're going to do about the undecided voters. It's hard to belie that at this point anybody could be undecided. What you can do is see romney living in ohio. I wonder if we can get him to pay income taxes while he is here. In all seriousness, first debate changed the whole debate in ohio. Romney gained tremendous momentum. You see great momentum across the state. People are enthusiastic and the polls indicate that republicans are sort more intensely motivated. You keep that up and you search for undecided voters. He needs to be here. The more people see him and more they like him and more they get him. 

[00:43:59]


>> Reporter: We saw you the rnc and you were talking about the story of ohio. Giving folks a chance to rebuild things. You talked about the remarkable turn around from 48th in country FOR JOB CREATION TO 4th. How much is a part of that happening with this race? 
>> Well, what I say, we've done better than we had been doing. We were gaining. We are up 112,000 jobs. Peoe a more and more optimistic about the situation in ohio. I have to constantly worry about this bad news and bad winds that come out of washington. People are paralyzed. Small business people don't know what to do. They fear higher taxes. They fear healthcare imposed on them they can't pay for. They are sitting on the sidelines. Too many on the sidelines. In that kind of paralysis hurts our ability to come back. That is why I'm for mitt romney. I think he will remove that uncertainty. He will be clear on what he wants to do and do better. At the end of the day, all i care about in this stated who is going to be the best job creator. I don't have any doubt in my mind, romney is the better job creator. Part of it he has created jobs. He has been criticized because he worked at a place where they created jobs. If there is anything we need in politics today it's somebody that understands the problem and has a solution to t problems. The problems are really frankly gets down to one thing and issue of jobs and gets down to who is going to fatten their wallet. If my family is doing better. If my wallet is skin and nothing in hit then my family is hurting. That is what people care about it. 
>> Reporter: Critics say it's not so much as governor has done it's about the auto industry and bailout? 

[00:46:04]


>> I wouldn't care if they gave credit to the green martian that isn't me. Reagan told who gets credited but it's what gets done. The 112,000 jobs that have been created, we're thrilled with the auto industry that it is here. There has been investments and footprint is smaller it's strong. The numbers don't bear out and people should understand that. 
>> Greta: Straight ahead. Breaking news, e-mails showin the obama administration knew the libya attack was on. Our panel is pack.Afe driving bonus check? Every six months without an accident, Allstate SENDS A CHECK. Ok. 
[ voice of Dennis ] SILENCE. Are you in good hands? bp gulf. Bp has paid over twenty-three billion dollars to help those affected and to cover cleanup costs. Today, the beaches and gulf are open, and many areas are reporting their best tourism seasons in years. D bp's also committed to america. We support nearly 250,000 jobs and invest more here than anywhere else. We're working to fuel america for generations to come. Our commitment has never been stronger. ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? >>. 

[00:50:34]


>> Greta: Now on more the breaking news, new evidence that the obama administration new the libya attack was a terrorist attack. An al-qaeda group claimed responsibility. We're back with our political panel. 
>> I think it's new questions about why there was certainty emanating from susan rice in the aftermath to say it was about video when there was conflicting evidence. It was very confusing at the time. There was a lot of stories filtering in at the time. There were different messages but to have indication in realtime, e-mails going around that claim a terrorist attack, even if you don't know the details. In pretty short order after the fact we heard from the white house and administration in actual assignment of blame on this video. 
>> I want to know about this you broke this evening. I would like to more context. Clearly, something funky is going on with the administration's position this. Susan rice did seem to be operating from c.I.A. Talking points and they didn't seem to ve the e-mails it's a little murky to me. I would zoom out and what is the larger point here. I think although there is some reason to think people were not completely straight and disclosing all the information they knew, implication that obama had been soft against al-qaeda is not accurate or fair one. The drone campaign against al-qaeda in pakistan, afghanistan has been effective 
>> Greta: I think the question is what happened? He is the one that is creating this vacuum. She one who has information that could tell us. He could get on tv and tell us. He is not. We may be getting it wrong. If we're getting it wrong, it is his fault. 
>> There have been conflicting changing stories here. There is something funky about it. I would say I don't understand what the coverup would be the political charges, they don't want to admit al-qaeda resurgence. So, to me it's not clear to me. 

[00:52:46]


>> This report highlights the fact this group was attacking responsibility on facebook and twitter. No one seems to have said get everybody in the room, state department, white house, c.I.A., what happened? I think it's going to make a great book some day. Someone down the line was jumping the gun and making basically making up claims that were not are not true, especially about the video. These e-mails don't mention the video. 
>> Greta: Why -- I can't figure it out. President should tell us what happened. Why doesn't he say, we don't know. Is is an investigation. Why didn't you say it's ongoing investigation. 
>> He said something to the effect. She said that they were demonstrations. There were no demonstrations in benghazi but they piggy backed demonstrations and it was unclear. She didn't say it was all about the video. 
>> That is the c.I.A. Talking point on it. 
>> Greta: Do they issue talking points? 
>> It does in terms of summarizing the intelligence. But there was so much out there in the early days and now that is conflicting that certainty is puzzling. 
>> And they can clarify it now as you say. Admit if in the fog of the war in tragedy, okay, but what happened? 
>> Greta: If we have it wrong and taking the wrong assumptions I blame the administration. They are the ones that have the information. They are the ones who represent the american people. They are thenes who creating this problem for themselves. Step up to the plate and tell us what happened. From my perspective and I don't like to think the govnment deliberately lied to me, but i think it would be naive to be extremely suspicious. 
>> I'm surprised that mitt romney didn't hit it hard last night in the debate. 

[00:54:51]


>> Greta: Now, the media will. Coming up last call. One candidate may have to reinflate his campaign in florida literally. Citracal Slow Release Continuously releases calcium plus d with efficient absorption in one daily dose. Citracal Slow Release. >>. >> have need? At legalzoom, we've created a better place to turn for your legal matters. Maybe you want to incorporate a business you'd like to start. Or protect your family with a will or living trust. Legalzoom makes it easy withtep-by-step help when completing your personalized document 
-- or you can even access an attorney to guide you along. With an "a" rating from the better business bureau legalzoom helps you get personalized and affordable legal protection. In most states, a legal plan attorney is available with every personalized document to answer any questions. Get started at legalzoom.Com today. And now you're protected. expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to u to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. Meet the 5-passenger Ford C-MAX Hybrid. When you're carrying a lot of weight, C-MAX has a nice little trait, You see, C-MAX helps you load your freight, with its foot-activated lift gate. But that's not all you'll see, Cause C-MAX also beats Prius v, with better MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. Bob... Oh, hey alex. Just picking up some, brochures, posters copies of my acceptance speech. Great! It's always good to have a backup plan, in case I get hit by a meteor. Wow, your hair looks great. Didn't realize they did photoshop here. Hey, good call on those mugs. Can't let 'em see what you're drinking. You know, I'm glad we're both running a nice, clean race. No need to get nasty. Here's your "honk if you had an affair with taylor" yard sign. Looks good. 

[00:57:53]


[ Male Announcer ] FEDEX OFFICE. Now save 50% on banners. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. 
>> Greta: Its time for last call. A slight snag on the campaign trail in florida. What happened? 
>> Yesterday a helium-filled blimp said "america needs romney" crash landed in florida. No one is sure what went wrong. The pilot was like [ speaking quickly ]. 
>> That is your last call. Thank you for being with us tonight. We'll see you again tomorrow night. Make sure y gretawire.Com. Good night. There is an open thread. O'reilly factor is on, tonight. 
>> Governor, the problem is is that on a whole range of issues, you have been all over the map. 

[00:59:54]


>> Bill: President obama once 

﻿Title: Paid Programming
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:30:00 AM
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

I'gonna you in on a little secret. I don't use shampoo anymore. That's right. I don't use it at all. So why does my hair look this healthy and shiny? Because now I use wen. I mean, look at this hair. My hair is softer, shinier, and the volume? Who doesn't want more volume? Ordinary shampoo? You don't need that anymore. All you need is wen. 
>> What does it take to get your hair this beautiful? 
Just one thing: The wen healthy hair care system by chaz dean. It's revolutionary hair care that takes the place of shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, de-tangler, and leave-in conditioner all in one, saving you time working on your hair, and saving you money on all the products you won't need anymore. Most ordinary shampoos that lather use sulfates and detergents that may strip your hair of natural oils and cause dryness, frizziness, dullness, and color fade, but wen is designed to gently cleanse and moisturize your hair and scalp with no harsh stripping agents, making hair shinier, softer, stronger, fuller after just one use. Wen cleansing conditioners have been the buzz for top beauty magazines likecelebrity living, in style, lucky, elle. Andpeople magazine call it a "must-have." On today's show, you'll meet the man who is redefining hair care, wen's inventor, internationally renowned celebrity stylist chaz dean, whose exclusive hair retreat has been the hot spot for hollywood stars for 20 years. And find out how you can join the over one million people from all over the world who bought wen to get the sexy, beautiful hair they've always wanted, after just one use! 
>> Shampoos and conditioners-- so yesterday. You wanna cleanse your hair, you wanna have beautiful hair, you have to try wen. 
>> Just try wen one time, and you're gonna see a difference in your hair. 
>> I will never go back to shampoo, never, never, never. I'm a wen girl, so I'm gonna be using that forever. 

[00:02:00]


>> Today, I'm gonna take you behind the scenes of a major new commercial for wen healthy hair care. You'll see lots of beautiful hair, and you'll also see exactly how you can get the same results at home with just a blow dryer and wen. We'll meet the models, the hair stylists, and you'll see exactly what is done to their hair every step of the way. You'll see hair demonstrations that I wouldn't believe if I didn't see them myself. You'll even see me do a comparison of ordinary shampoo vs. Wen cleansing conditioner. Chaz dean is passionate about giving everyone beautiful, healthy hair. And we're gonna meet him in just a moment, so don't go away, and I promise by the end of the show, you'll never want to use ordinary shampoo again. 
>> So we're doing things a bit differently with this infomercial, which is total transparency. And I want you to tell our audience why we're doing it that way. 
>> I'm used to seeing beauty stuff that is the smoke, is the mirrors, is the extensions, is the computer-generated stuff. They'll use 5, 6, 7, 8 different products to get that look, whereas with-- 
>> to sell one product. 
>> I don't know how they get away with it, I don't. And I said, "if we're gonna do this together, it's only if we're honest with it, only using wen. 
>> I'm not blowing smoke up anything over there, but literally the first me I tried the product I knew that not only it was special, but I am convinced that I will never go back to regular shampoo again. Explain to everyone the difference between wen and shpoo. 
>> The number one thing you have to know is it's not going to lather. Wen does not lather. If you're using anything that's lathering, it's gonna strip your hair of its natural essential oils, sheen, luster, moisture, shine, not to even mention your color. 
>> So if it doesn't lather, how does it clean your hair? 

[00:04:02]


>> With wen, what I've done is I've eliminahe detergents, the surfactants, and all the harsh chemicals, and it actually cleanses with extracts, essential oils, and botanicals. So you're cleansing the scalp and hydrating the hair at the same time without stripping it. 
>> Growing up as an asian woman, it's, uh, it was a real struggle a lot of times dealing with my hair. Asian hair, as beautiful and as shiny as it is, it can be very coarse and very unyielding. So, what wen products did for me is that my hair became softer and more manageable and more flexible. And that's really important, especially being an actress, to have flexibility with my hair. I am so happy with my hair now. I love the way it feels, I love the way it smells, and it's really important to walk out your house eling good about your hair. It makes you just a happier person, I think. 
>> I love wen. I'm completely sold on this product. It's completely changed my hair from being dry and frizzy and unmanageable. Now I can just air dry, and it looks like this. 
>> No matter what type of hair, no matter what you've heard about what you should be using for your hair, try this. This works. 
>> I love playing with my hair now because it does stuff it didn't do before. 
>> If you color your hair like me-- yes, I admit it, I color my hair-- and we all know one of the biggest hair problems is color fading, but wen is proven to retain color better than a leading shampoo, and we'll prove it to you right now. 
>> Here we have jeffrey, who's going to be blowing out becky today, and we have stephanie, who's going to be blowing out jessie today. They were both colored today with the same color red. So stephanie's going to be using a sulfate-free shampoo, which supposed to be really gentle and keep your color, while jeffrey is going to be using wen on becky. So we're gonna do a side-by-side comparison, and watch what happens to both of their heads of hair. 

[00:06:09]


>> The demonstration was was amazing. I got to cleanse with wen. A much more pleasant experience, especially considering that we weren't using anything else in the hair. 
>> Trying to get my hands through my girl's hair-- it was literally like this... It was tangled, it was matted. 
>> Not feeling that great. 
>> Yeah, mine was just literally just a glide. And the more that i glided through the hair, the easier and shinier it just became. 
>> The color ran everywhere. Were peach suds in my hand. I even at one point asked him to pour the shampoo in my hand, so I could make sure that it was white shampoo. I put my han "hmm, maybe there's color in the shampoo." No, it wasn't. It was really, truly stripping the color from her hair. 
>> The difference in loss in color was astounding. We had white towels in both of the bowls, and my model-- nothing was coming off. 
>> But I was shock at the depth of the amount of color coming off of her with shampoo. 
>> Actually, I mean, that's what I'm used to. I wouldn't dream of, in a salon, using a white towel. 
>> I would be horrified as a client to see my color that I just paid for running down the sink. 
>> That's why we use black towels in the salon. 
>> Yeah. 
>> Are you ready to see the results? 
>> Look at the difference. We did not use any leave-in conditioner, we didn't use any styling products. This is just cleanse with wen one time, blown out with a medium round brush and a blow dryer. All this bounce, all this body, all this shine. Let's go see what happened over here. 
>> ( laughing ) 
>> It feels like straw. It really feels like straw. You cannot get bounce, you cannot get body, you cannot get volume. So do you want to be jessie, with stripped, faded hair? Or do you want to be becky, whused wen? 
>> I'm feeling confident with my hair, and I'm happy that I was picked to use the wen. 
>> Every woman wants to walk down the street and have the hair blowing and bouncing, and I wouldn't have that, and so it's not fun. 
>> Poor thing. 
>> Wen could cut the cost of coloring your hair in half. And even if you don't color treat your hair, wen makes your natural hair color look more vibrant and shiny. You've seen it for yourself, now see the wen commercial with jessie and becky. 

[00:08:26]


>> Hey, I'm jessie. 
>> And I'm becky. 
>> Usually people can't tell us apart. 
>> But then I washed my hair with regular shampoo. 
>> I washed my hair with wen cleansing conditioner. 
>> And now it's easy to tell us apart. 
>> My shampoo washed out my color. My hair is dry, it's frizzy. Look at this mess. 
>> My hair has never looked better. It's shiny, it's bouncy. Touch it, feel how soft it is. 
>> My hair feels nothing like that. 
>> My color looks vibrant. 
>> And mine just went down the drain. 
>> I'm becky, and I'm a wen girl. 
>> Hi, I'm jessie. When can I be a wen girl? 
>> What does it take to get your hair this beautiful? 
Just one thing: The wen healthy hair care system by chaz dean. It's revolutionary hair care that takes the place of shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, de-tangler, and leave-in conditioner all in one, saving you time working on your hair, and saving you money on all the products you won't need anymore. Ordinary shampoos lather, using sulfates and detergents that may strip the hair of natural oils and can cause dryness, frizziness, dullness, and color fade, but wen is designed to gently cleanse and moisturize your hair and scalp while leaving in the natural oils, using a perfect blend of herbs and natural ingredients, adding sheen, manageability, and body to your hair. And now wen has been clinically proven to significantly retain color better than a leading shampoo on the market, which can save you even more money on hair color, and 90% of people agree that by using the wen cleansing conditioner, their hair was shinier, less frizzy, and had more bounce and body. So join the over one million people all overhe world who bought wen to ghe sexy, beautiful they've always wanted, after just one use. 
>> Wen just brings out your natural hair, your natural, healthy hair. 
>> So, say goodbye to ordinary shampoo and say hello to beautiful, soft, shiny, controllable hair with wen. You'll start with a 30-day supply of wen sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, perfect for all hair types. You'll receive the wen styling cream, for that extra hold and control over your hairstyle when you need it. Finally, you'll get the re moist intensive hair repair mask, a luxurious, spa-quality treatment designed to kick-start hydration and soothe and smooth dry, damaged, or chemically treated hair. You could easily spend over $100 at a salon for the premium products wen replaces, but you won't pay hundreds of dollars fowen. Through this special introductory offer, wen healthy hair care is available directly to you for the special low price of only $49.95. But for a limited time, chaz is teaming up with guthy-renker to give you the ulte insider price reduction. Call or click now, and you can t the complete wen healthy hair care system, all three products, not for $49.95, not even for $39.95, but for the unbelievable price of just $29.95. And today, we'll include shipping absolutely free! But it gets even better. As a thank-you just for trying wen, we'll send you two special free gifts: Wen texture balm, an easy rub-on balm to add texture and definition to long or short hair; and this specially designed, hand-finished, saw-cut, wide-tooth shower comb. The two gifts alone are valued at almost $30, but today you get the free gifts and the complete wen healy hair care system, a total value of over $100, all for just $29.95 and free shipping. Wen is proven to increase hair strength and manageability up to 70% after just one use. That's a difference you can see and feel the very first time you use it. That's why we're so confident you'll love wen, it comes with our 60-day, shine-to-the-last-pump guarantee from trusted guthy-renker. You can try wen for two whole months. If you don't see and feel the difference in your hair, just send it back for a full refund, even if the bottles are empty. So, you have nothing to lose but bad hair days. So call or click now. 

[00:12:33]


>> Wen definitely brings the youth back into your hair. It actually looks as if, you know, I was 18 years old again. That's my hair feels. 
>> My hair was so flat and limp. It was very dry and brittle, and now it's soft, and, honestly, it is really supple to the touch. It has body and oomph and bounce and feels so good. 
>> I have to tell you, I found it very hard to believe that it works for all hair types because we're so sort of conditioned to believe that if you have a certain ir type, you need this type of shampoo, because that's how they market everything. You know, talk about how it truly is for every hair type. 
>> Whether youave baby-fine hair, coarse hair, wavy hair, curly hair, ethnic and african-american hair the same product on everyone across the board. And the reason it works is because your hair is only gonna hold onto moisture it needs, and the rest will rinse out. So, if you have baby-fine hair, it's gonna hold onto the amount that's needed for that hair type and then rinse the rest out. If you have that coarse hair, it's really gonna ld on and take what's needed, and much of it will not rinse out because you really absorbed all of it. So, that's how the one product works on all hair types. 
>> The first time that I did a straightening, chemical straightening, right, it's white? It smells very strong because it has a lot of chemicals. It damaged my hair severely. I was shocked at how it was just breaking like crazy and... And then I was blessed to find wen. It's been incredible. It came back to life. You use it the first time you go, "this is really interesting. It's different, 'cause I'm not used to this." Use it a second time, you go, "oh, my god. I'ng it." Third time, "i love it." Fourth time, you go, "my hair looks amazing," and people around you go, "what are you doing to your hair?" I'm telling you, I'm gonna keep using it. I have my husband using it. I have friends using it. I have makeup artists using it, because it is just good. And when you know that something is good for you, just spread the love. I'm a wen girl, so I'm gonna be using that forever. 

[00:14:40]


>> Now, I know a lot of you out there are asking yourselves, "will wen work on my it will, and we're gonna prove it right now. Naja and rebecka clearly have two different types of hair. 
>> Baby-fine blonde. Coarse, thick, dry. 
>> Right, and I would think that they'd need differt types of product to deal with their-- 
>> 'cause you've been told that, is why. Every product out there tells you, "if you have this hair type, you need this shampoo." "If you have this hair type, you need this shampoo." It doesn't have to be confusing. With wen sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, both girls completely different hair types... I want to show you something. 
>> Please. 
>> Go at home and try this, as well. Just get your hair, lift up a section of your hair. What do you see with her hair here? 
>> It's a lot thicker down here than it is up there. 
>> So wouldn't that tell you that she doesn't necessarily have baby-fine hair, but it's what she's doing to her hair that's causing it to be even finer? 
>> Yeah, the breakage. 
>> Because if she didn't use shampoo and it wasn't lathering and stripping and breaking the hair down, her hair would be the same consistency from the roots to the ends. 
>> It gets frizzy very easily, dull, and what I would love is to just have more volume. 
>> On naja over here, her issue is how dry it is. Every time she goes in with shampoo, she's stripping and robbing her hair. It becomes unruly, and it's a vicious cycle. 
>> I always have to put conditioner in it, leave-in conditioners, oils, and it's always hard finding the combination of what I should put in it. 
>> So, we're gonna cleanse both of our girls just one time with wen, and you will not believe the difference. 
>> What we did today is we did an experiment on wen with fine hair and overly coarse hair. Such curly hair. I can run my fingers already right through it. 
>> As soon as I applied the cleansing conditioner to her hair, you could instantly see the shine even when the hair was wet. 
>> This is because of wen, because all the moisture is being put back into this curl. 
>> All the color came back into her hair. 
>> The whole hair will get this nice little bounce. 

[00:16:42]


>> And it blew out so easily. It was less drying time. 
>> You remember what they looked like before. Look at 'em now. Rebecka's hair was fine, frizzy, and brassy. Now it's smooth, shiny, and hydrated. 
>> Looks amazing. 
>> Se we have naja, who, her "before" was really dry, really coarse, and really dull-looking. 
>> And look at these perfectly formed curls! 
>> They just kind of snap back. 
>> It's been proven today that you can use it on fine, baby-blonde hair and thick, really coarse hair, and it works great. It does the same result on both people. 
>> When I saw myself in the mirror, I got this huge smile on my face, and I could just not stop smiling. I love my hair. 
>> I have been wenned. Curl completely defined, completely hydrated, no frizz. Shampoo will never touch my hair again from this day forward, ever. 
>> When we come back, you'll see what wen does for my hair, and why hair looks like without my wen. But first, here's the wen commercial featuring naja and rebecka. 
>> Marker. 
>> My hair used to be frizzy, dull, and completely out of control. 
>> My hair was completely the opposite. It was totally flyaway, flat, and brassy. 
>> But all that changed when we gave up ordinary shampoo. 
>> Now I have body, I have volume, and it lasts all day. 
>> Look at my hair! I can't stop touching it. It's smooth, soft, and no frizzies, and I love my curls. 
>> Our hair couldn't be more different. 
>> But the one thing we have in common is we both use wen, and that's why... 
>> We're both wen girls. 
>> Can one product work for all hair types? It can with wen healthy hair care by chaz dean. You'll start with a 30-day supply of wen sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, perfect for all hair types. You'll receive the wen styling cream, for that extra hold and control over your hairstyle when you need it. Finally, you'll get the re moist intensive hair repair mask, a luxurious, spa-quality treatment designed to kick-start hydration and soothe and smooth dry, damaged, or chemically treated hair. You could easily spend over $100 atalon for the premium products wen replaces, but you won't pay hundreds of dollars for wen. Through this special introductory offer, wen healthy hair c is available directly to you for the special low price of only $49.95. But for a limited time, chaz is teaming up with guthy-renker to give you the ultimate insider price reduction. Call or click now, and you can get the complete wen healthy hair care system, all three products, not for $49.95, not even for $39.95, but for the unbelievable price of just $29.95. And today, we'll include shipping absolutely free. But it gets even better. As a thank-you just for trying wen, we'll send you two special free gifts: Wen texture balm, an easy rub-on balm to add texture and definition to long or short hair; and this specially designed, hand-finished, saw-cut, wide-tooth shower comb. The two gifts alone are valued at almost $30, but you today get the free gifts and the complete wen health care system, a total value of ovee $100, all for just $29.95 and free shipping. Wen is proven to increase hair strength and manageability up to 70% after just one use. That's a difference you can see and feel the very first time you use it. That's why we're so confident you'll love wen, it comes with our 60-day, shine-to-the-last-pump guare from trusted guthy-renker. You can try wen for two whole months. If you don't see and feel the difference in your hair, just send it back for a full refund, even if the bottles are empty. So, you have nothing to lose but bad hair days. So call or click. 

[00:20:42]


>> I discovered wen in a gift bag at a swanky hollywood event. When you find a product like wen that achieves so much in one or two steps, you gotta make that change. And when I started using wen, oh, almost a decade ago, I knew that this was a product I would have for my life. As I started having children and I noticed that wen was working for them, you know, I thought, "this is so great." Wen is for my whole family. I love how my hair feels with wen. It's soft, natural. My hair feels light. It moves. It shines. Just try wen one time, and you're gonna see a difference in your hair. 
>> So, for the women that-- and the men that want to try ywur product but are sort of scared or nervous or, uh, are interested, but haven't picked up the phone yet, what do you say to those people? 
>> I honestly say, "look at your hair now. Are you happy with your hair? Are you happy with the results you get every day? Are you struggling every day? So, you have nothing to lose, 'cause I want you to see what one time with wen can do for you." 
>> For me, why wen versus shampoo is because, ultimately, the shampoo would dry my hair out and take all the natural oils out that I'd then have to replenish by using conditioner. Then the conditioner would kind of weigh it down. Then I'd use product to volumize it or to give some kind of curl to it. That would really dry it out. And then I'd use stuff to make it oily and shiny and sheens, 'cause it was dry, and it was way too many things, and it ultimately ended up just depleting my hair. And now with wen, it's some crazy, fabulous multipurpose thing. I can use it as a leave-in conditioner and the product, and it's done nothing but make my hair more supple and beautiful and healthy- feeling, and I love it. 
>> We're back behind the scenes, and this time, I'm doing the demo myself. Here's how I looked when I came in this morning after using an expensive salon shampoo to wash my hair. 
>> Okay, so I need to show them at home today... Thank you for coming in and shampooing youhair, because we showed you that with color-treated, highlighted hair, she goes through major damage on a daily basis with curling irons and flatirons. Look at the ends of your hair, how dry, how damaged, how dehydrated they are! But guess what-- wen is gonna repair this hair in one use. 

[00:23:06]


>> I feel like I'm at the spa. 
>> Your hair's coming back to life. I can feel it already. Look at this shine. Look how it glides through my hands. Your hair's like silk right now. That's what you want to see. The more you use, the more you massage, the longer you leave it on, the better the results. You're going to apply one pump of your wen cleansing conditioner back in your hair as a leave-in conditioner. I'm going to style her with nothing but a medium round brush and blow-dryer with a nozzle. And you remember what alyssa looked like when she came in. With one time with shampoo, one time with wen-- who do you want to be, her before or her after? 
>> I've learned something really important today, and I hope you have, too. If you're having problems with your hair, the problem might not be your hair. It might just be your shampoo. And let's face it, if you're having a bad hair day, it's a bad day. So, why keep using ordinary shampoo? Just get rid of it. Try wen for yourself, and get the hair you want. 
>> What does it take to get your hair this beautiful? 
Just one thing: The wen healthy hair care system by chaz dean. It's revolutionary hair care that takes the place of shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, de-tangler, and leave-in conditioner all in one, saving you time working on your hair, and saving you money on all the products you won't need anymore. Ordinary shampoos lather, using sulfates and detergents that may strip the hair of natural oils and can cause dryness, frizziness, dullness, and color fade, but wen is designed to gently cleanse and moisturize your hair and scalp while leaving in the natural oils, using a perfect blend of herbs and natural ingredients, adding sheen, manageability, and body to your hair. And now wen has been clinically proven to significantly retain color better than a leading shampoo on the market, which can save you even more money on hair color, and 90% of people agree that by using the wen cleansing conditioner, their hair was shinier, less frizzy, and had more bounce and body. So join the over one million people all over the world who bought wen to get the sexy, beautiful hair they've always wanted, after just one use. 

[00:25:26]


>> It really has changed the way I feel about myself, the way I feel I look. 
>> So, say goodbye to ordinary shampoo and say hello to beautiful, soft, shiny, controllable hair with wen. You'll start with a 30-day supply of wen sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, perfect for all hair types. You'll receive the wen styling cream, for that extra hold and control over your hairstyle when you need it. Finally,l a luxurious, spa-quality treatment designed to kick-start hydration and soothe and smooth dry, damaged, or chemically treated hair. You could easily spend over $100 at a salon for the premium products wen replaces, but you won't pay hundreds of dollars for wen. Through this special inoductory offer, wen healthy hair care is available directly to you for the special low price of only $49.95. But for a limited time, chaz is teaming up with guthy-renker to give you the ultimate insider price reduction. Call or click now, and you can get the complete wen healthy hair care system, all three products, not for $49.95, not even for $39.95, but for the unbelievab price of just $29.95. And today, we'll include shipping absolutely free. And smart shoppers can lock in this incredible discount price. Each new season, you'll receive a 3-month supply of wen for only $29.95 per month, guaranteed-- a convenient service you can cancel anytime. But it gets even better. As a thank-you just for trying wen, we'll send you two special free gifts: Wen texture balm, an easy rub-on balm to add texture and definition to long or short hair; and this specially designed, hand-finished, saw-cut, wide-tooth shower comb. The two gifts alone are valued at almost $30, but today you get the free gifts and the complete wen healthy hair care system, a total value of over $100, all for just $29.95 and free shipping. Wen is proven to increase hair strength and manageability up to 70% after just one use. That's a difference you can see and feel the very first time you use it. That's why we're so confident you'll love wen, it comes with our 60-day, shine-to-the-last-pump guarantee from trusted guthy-renker. You can try wen for two whole months. If you don't see and feel the difference in your hair, just send it back for a full refund, even if the bottles are empty. So, you have nothing to lose but bad hair days. So call or click now. 

[00:28:01]


>> I'm a wen girl. 
>> I am a wen girl. 
>> We're both wen girls. 
>> I'm alyssa milano, and I'm a wen girl. Announcer: alex"... ...He was his nephew's biggest fan. 
Williams: He wanted to put on a woman's basketball tournament. Well, I thought it was 

﻿Title: PBS NewsHour
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Sintial debate last night. Good evening. I'm judy woodruff. 
>> Ifill: And I'm gwen ifill. On the newshour tonight, we wrap up today's rallies in swing states, and talk with nicholas burns and richard haas about what the candidates have and haven't said about foreign policy. 
>> Woodruff: Then, margaret warner examines the charges and counter-charges made in the final face-off. 
>> Ifill: Our next battleground dispatch comes from southern virginia, where voters are worried about what federal budget cuts would do to the defense industry. Roads region might not be able to define see questions traition but with the largest military concentration in the country they know big cuts to defense means the loss of lots of jobs. 
>> Woodruff: And jeffrey brown talks to composer philip glass about his genre-bending opera about albert einstein. 
>> The amazing thing is that what you see, almost everything you see has been talked about. If you look at the stage you're looking at the furniture of your imagination. 
>> Woodruff: That's all ahead on tonight's newshour. Major funding for the pbs newshour has been provided by: 
>> Music is a universal language but when I was in an accident i was worrieded the health care system spoke a language all its own. With united health care I got help that fit my life. Information on my phone. Connection to doctors to get where I'm from and tools to estimate what my care may cost. So I never miss a beat. 

[00:02:02]


>> We're more than 78,000 people looking out for more than 70 million americans. That's health in numbers. United health care. 
>> Viking river cruises. Exploring the world in comfort. And by the alfred p. Sloan foundation. Supporting science, technology, and improved economic performance and financial literacy in the 21st century. And with the ongoing support of these institutions and foundations. And... This program was made possible by the corporation for public broadcasting. And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. 
>> Ifill: The presidential candidates beat a path to battleground states today, starting an all-out push to the election. It marked the beginning of the endgame, with 14 days to go. The debates are over but the campaign is picking up steam. President obama and mitt romney wasted no time today getting back out on the campaign trail. With election day now only two weeks away, the candidates are devoting every waking minute to revving up the base and courting any remaining undecided voters in a handful of critical swing states. For mr. Obama this morning, that meant the campaign rally before an enthusiastic crowd in delray beach, florida, not far from the the site of last night's face-off. 
>> You guys really are fired up. 
Ifill: Picking up where he left off last night hefold voters that governor romney is not a reliable choice. 
>> We're accustomed to seeing politicians change their positions from like four years ago. We are not accustomed to seeing politicians change their position from four days ago. I mean,... And we joke about romnesia but you know what? This is is important. This is about trust. There is no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trst. 

[00:04:22]


>> Ifill: Doubling down on that argument vice president joe biden amplified the democrats' message at the university of toledo in ohio before meeting up with the president later in the day for a joint rally in dayton. Mitt romney headed west for a joint rally of his own with running mate congressman paul ryan. The two told a roaring crowd in henderson, nevada, the president does not deserve a second term. 
>> Can you afford four more years 23 million americans looking for a good job? 
>> No! Can you afford four more years with housing prices going down along the bottom? 
>> No. Can you afford four more years of doubling of the gasoline prices you're paying? 
>> No! How about this instead. Would you like to have four years where we create 12 million w jobs? 
>> Yes! How about four years, how about four years where we're able to see rising take-home pay again? 
>> Ifill: Both campaigns capitalized on their final dete by focusedded mostly on foreign policy. Much of that in the greater middle east. Seated arm's length from mr. Romney the president repeatedly accused his republican challenger of changing his positions out of political expedience. 
>> You said that first we should not have a time line in afghanistan. Then you said we should. Now you say maybe. Or it depends. Which means not only were you wrong but you were also confusing and sending mixed messages both to our troops and our allies. What we need to do with respect to the middle east is strong, steady leadership. Not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. Unfortunately that's the kind of opinions that you've offered throughout this campaign. 
>> Ifill: Governor romney said he agrees with many of the president's actions in syria, egypt, afghanistan and pakistan. But those policies, he said, have not been well executed. 
>> You look at the record of the last four years and say, is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tumult? Yes. Is al qaeda on the run on its heels? No. Our israel and the palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No, they haven't had talks in two years. We have not seen the progress we need to have. I'm convinced that with strong leadership and an effort to build a strategy based upon helping these nations reject extremism, we can see the kind of peace and prosperity the world demands. 

[00:06:56]


>> Ifill: Turning to the final stretch, the two campaigns released a influencey of television advertising to drive their points home. Governor room knee's ads returned to the debate stage. 
>> America is going to come back. For that to happen, we're going to have a president who can work across the aisle. I'll work with you. I'll lead you in an open and honest way. And I ask for your vote. I'd like to be the next president of the united states to support and help this great nation. 
>> Ifill: The president's advertising also focused on the choice voters face. 
>> Read my plan. Compare it to governor romney's and decide which is better for you. It's an honor to be your president. I'm asking for your vote. So together we can keep moving america forward. 
>> Ifill: From here, it's a sprint to november 6. Following his afternoon rally, romney headed to colorado. And then back to nevada. And on to iowa tomorrow. The president spends the next two days hitting eight states: Iowa, colorado, nevada, florida, virginia, illinois, and ohio as well as burbank california for an appearance on the tonight show. 
>> Woodruff: For more on last night 
>> Woodruff: For more on last night's debate, we turn again to two experts on foreign policy- richard haas, president of the council on foreign relations. He's in chicago. And in boston, former u.S. Diplomat nicholas burns, now with the kennedy school of government at harvard university. Welcome to you both. Let me just ask you to start broadly speaking. What do we take away from last night's debate in terms of how well these two candidates understand american foreign policy and would be a good steward of it? Let me start with you. Nick burns. 
>> Well, judy, this may sound startling to say in our present red-blue divided partisan environment but I think we have two impressive people running for president. They're both knowledgeable. They're both very smart about the issues. Both of them have been successful in nearly everything they've tried in their professional lives. President obama was clearly the more knowledgeable and nuanced and even some's ticketed in the way he describeded the challenges to us on the foreign policy and national security landscape. I thought that governor romney had a very strong moment in the debate, a very good moment when he tied together our domestic economy and our ability to sustain a strong military and a strong diplomacy overseas. He said in effect that if we have a failing economy at home we won't be able to afford a first-rate foreign policy. But I also think that this debate showed last night that there are very clear differences between those two despite, you know, the drift of governor room knee to the center last night. They have different life experiences and different world views. Governor room knee there's a quality to the way he talks about foreign policy, it's more back to the future, restore american leadership, american greatness. President obama, I think recognizing the reality that we're operating in an era of limits that we are pressed financially, so you saw in libya in 2011 he pushed britain and france out to leadership of that nato operation to take down colonel kadafy. So very different world views. I think all the agreement last night shouldn't mask the fact that we have a real choice on november 6. 

[00:10:05]


>> Woodruff: Richard haas, how do you size up the two after last night? And how do you see those differences? 
>> Well, actually I thought the sim layers were greater than the differences. That to me was in some ways the most striking part of the debate. Both also, as ambassador burns pointed out, emphasized the integral, the close linkage between what we want to do abroad and what it is we're doing here at home, that essentially foreign policy can only be successful abroad if we have the resource space and if we can set an example to the world. Both of them emphasized that point. They both also emphasized a lot the middle east. There I thought what was interesting wasn't so much what they do but what they wouldn't do. Both candidates talked about the limits to the american involvement, say, in syria. They talked about the problems of a pakistan and the chaltenges of dealing with the muslim brotherhood-led egypt but it wasn't again clear to me listening to it what exactly they would do to keep things on the rails or if things went off the rails. 
>> Woodruff: Nick burns, coming back to the point that both of you have made about the agreement, what did you make of the agreement that governor romney seemed to have with the president's policies on iran, on when to lead to afghanistan, on egypt, on drones and especially compared with some of the language we've been hearing from governor room knee earlier in the campaign? 
>> I found it surprising. I can't calculate the politics of this. It may be good politics for him in those battle ground states but in foreign policy I think what most people should be looking for, most of us are looking for, is someone with core values, someone with a coherent and compelling world view, and someone with a plan t to, you know, sustain american power. It's difficult I think now for governor romney because he's campaigned for the last two years through all those republican debates he had very different positions than last night on iran, on afghanistan, on iraq and on russia. Those are some of the biggest challenges ahead of us in 2013 and '14. I think this does get to credibility. I think he hurt himself last night in trying to be something 

[00:12:13]


that he has not been: Very consistently in the campaign trail. On the other hand, I think what you saw from president obama is someone with a fairly impressive international record of accomplishments in his first term and a very clear difference, I think, in where he would take us on some of those issues than governor romney in a second term. 
>> Woodruff: Richard haas, how did you read the, I guess, the difference between the agreement of what we heard last night from governor romney, the criticism in the past, and how do you square when governor romney says he believes u.S. Foreign policy is unraveling under this president but then he proceeds, as he said, togree with him on a number of points. 
>> Well as richard nixon I think it was who said when you run for the nomination you've got to tack more towards the end zones. When you're in the general election you've got to head towards the middle of the field. None of that should surprise anybody. I also think incumbents have a certain structural advantage. They've been wrestling with national security challenges for four years. Someone who is a governor who hasn't been a senator on the foreign relations committee is always going to have, I think, certain disadvantages. With that said, the president also has problems of consistency. I don't think he did a good job last night in explaining his iraq policy. About why it was the united states did not leave a residual force there. Also when you look at the middle east, I'll be honest with you, judy, I don't think you can have a policy of consistency. The united states gets involved to get rid of colonel kadafy in libya. On the other hand more than 30,000 syrians have lost their lives and the united states has largely stood on the side lines. It's not clear what we're going to do if and when there are upheavals in places like jordan, bahrain or even saudi arabia. So I'm not sure we have the luxury of consistency. I think what both of them were saying was that the middle east is extraordinarily complex. Governor romney said two interesting things I thought. One is that what the united states did in and afghanistan cannot be a template for the future. Thed idea we're going to continue to send hundreds of thousands of americans to remake other societies, that's clearly a nonstarter. And then he said -- I think his phrase was -- we can't kill ourselves out of this mess. There has to be something else dealing with extremism and the muslim and arab world other than simply traditional counterterrorism and drone attacks. There has to be something larger to try to encourage the evolution of these societies so essentially young men don't make the career choice of becoming terrorists. I think that' a big idea. It's easier to articulate than implement it but I think again to me it's a welcome add toyings to the debate. 

[00:14:51]


>> Woodruff: What about those two points, nick burns and what didn't you hear picking up on something you said a minute ago. What have you not heard now from these two men that voters should want to know before they go to the polls? 
>> Well, I guess I disagree that it doesn't matter somehow that someone changes their positions. To me it matters very greatly. It goes to a person's credibility and consistencies. On two issues governor romney called russia our number one adversary. He took that back last night. He belittled sanctions and president obama's inclination to negotiate with iran. Last night he took that back. I think these differences matter. I think the drift by governor romney is troubling. I would say, judy, what was missing last night was a focus on the real difficult challenges that our next president is going to have no matter who is elected. On iran, are we going to seek to negotiate a very difficult compromise with iran short of the use of force or are we going to choose the use of force perhaps with israel to stop them short? On the other hand we're going to have to also decide what to do about china and how to handle this very difficult balancing act whe a major trade partner of china, but we have profound political and economic differences with them in east asia. There was none of that last night. The real difficult challenges that the next president will have to embrace. 
druff: RICHARD HAAS, Quickly on what has not been talked about and what about the russia point that nick burns just made? 
>> Well, countries like russia, china and many others, you're going to have thisy ralt where they're not going to be clearly adversaries. They're clearly not going to be allies. It's going to be in between. This is going to be an era where nimble foreign policy is going to be the order of the day. What we didn't hear about what, say, anything about mexico or really latin america, about africa, about climate change, about japan. More broadly about asia. They talked about china but asia is getting in some ways, quote unquote, interesting again. In some ways it remind me of europe of a century ago where a lot of countries are begin to go get more atiff in their foreign policies. You don't have the regional institutions. You don't yet have the reconciliation of past frictions. Hunch is the new president will not have to deal simply with all the obvious challenges of the greater middle east we have come to know. My hunch is they're going to have to deal with all the problems of asian pacific as well as the lingering challenge of the euro zone problem. It will be a full foreign policy in-box for whoever is elected. 

[00:17:21]


>> Woodruff: Fascinating. I don't think much more we're going to hear about foreign policy between now and the election. We did hear about it last night. Thank you both for sharing your thoughts with us this evening. Thank you both. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Woodruff: And we have other views online. Gideon rose, editor of "foreign affairs" magazine, writes about what a romney or obama win could mean for the future of u.S. Foreign relations. That's in the rundown. 
>> Ifill: Still to come on the newshour, assessing the facts in last night's debate; worrying about defense cuts in virginia; and reviving an unconventional opera. But first, with the other news of the day, here's hari sreenivasan. 
>> Sreenivasan: Wall street had one of its worst days of the year after a series of disappointing earnings reports from the likes of dupont, xerox, and ups. The dow jones industrial average lost 243 points to close at 13,102. The nasdaq fell 26 points to close at 2990. The country where the arab spring began, tunisia, marked an anniversary today with rival demonstrations. It's been one year since an islamist party took power in tunisia's first election since a longtime dictator was ousted. Pro- and anti-government supporters gathered today outside the national assembly building in tunis. They waved signs and chanted slogans at one another. We are here to celebrate the first election of the constituent assembly, the first time in the history of tunisia. The day is considered as the second independence. The first time the tunisian people practicedded the election in a transparent way with the world as a witness. 
>> Sreenivasan: Opposition lawmakers boycotted a special legislative session marking the anniversary. They accused the islamist government of failing to achieve the revolution's goals of "jobs, freedom, and dignity." The emir of qatar made a landmark trip to gaza today. It was the first visit by any head of state since hamas seized control there five years ago. Gazans lined the main road to gaza city, as the emir waved at them from his car. He also met with hamas leaders and urged them to reconcile with the rival fatah faction, which rules the west bank. Israel maintains a sea blockade of gaza, but qatar has promised to deliver hundreds of million dollars in aid by land route through egypt. Those are some of the day's major stories. Now, back to judy. 

[00:19:30]


>> Woodruff: And we return to the final presidential debate with a closer look at the arguable statements made by both candidates. Margaret warner has our report. 
>> Warner: Last night's final presidential debate took on a lo questions. And the answers at times raised further questions. As we did last week, today we reviewed some of what was said and how it matches the record. Starting with mitt romney's charge that from the beginning of his term, president obama was apologizingverseas for america's actions. 
>> The president began what I've called an apology tour by going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothi governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whooper that's been told during the course of this campaign. Every fact-checker and every reporter has looked at it. The governor has said this is not true. 
>> Mr. President, the reason i call it an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and to saudi arabia a to turkey and iraq and then in those nations and on arabic tv you said america had been dismissive. You said america had dictated other nations. Mr. President, america has not dictated other nations. We have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> Mr. Obama never used the words apology or apologize in his early trips abroad including one to europe, turkey and iraq in april of 2009. Romney appeared to be quoting what the president said on that trip during a stop in france about friction between the united states and europe. 
>> Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges, there have been times where america has shown arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive. But in europe, there is an anti-americanism that is at once casual but can also be insidious. Instead of recognizing the good that america so often does in the world, there have been times where europeans choose to blame america for much of what's bad. 

[00:21:56]


>> Warner: Two months later in egypt, the president did voice regret for some bush administration actions in the post 9/11 war on terror. 9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country. The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable, but in some cases it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals. We are taking concrete actions to change course. 
>> There was definitely no apology. 
>> Warner: Karen bowham then a white house correspondent for reuters on one of the trips said president obama was trying to reach out to the muslim world and signal a break from the bush years. 
>> President bush was very unpopular in the muslim world. He wanted to turn the page on guantanamo bay, on the iraq war, on all of the things that had given the united states a negative image in the muslim world. 
>> Warner: Defense spending was another point of contention. President obama stood behind his pentagon spending record and dismissed romney's call for more. 
>> He then wants to spend another $2 trillion on military spending that our military is not asking for. Now,eep in mind that our military spending has gone up every single year that I've been in office. 
>> Warner: Today todd harrison of the center for strategic and budgetary assessments said mr. Obama is right about governor romney's spending proposals. 
>> The $2 trillion figure, that's based on governor romney's plan to gradually increase defense spending to 4% of gross domestic product, g.D.P. If you do that over a four-year presidential term, that will cost $2 trillion more than what the president has proposed sending on the department of defense. So that part is true. 
>> Warner: But he said the president's own defense spending record is more complicated to assess. 
>> Now, the president also said that he has increased his defense budget every year since he's been in office. That's not exactly right. The president has proposed increases in defense spending each year. But in 2011 and in 2012 congress cut what the president proposed. Each year they cut more than $20 billion out of the defense budget request. So as a result when you adjust for inflation, defense spending has actually gone down in the past two years. 

[00:24:20]


>> Warner: As part of that argument, the candidates also clashed over the navy. In one of the debates more talked about exchanges. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're down to 285. That's unacceptable to me. I want to make sure we have the the ship required by our navy. 
>> You mentioned the navy, for example and we have fewer sips than we did in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have the ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines so the question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. 
>> Warner: As it happens bayonets are still standard equipment for u.S. Marines. But analyst harrison and others say the navy is not smaller than it was 90 years ago or even four years ago. 
>> Right now our ship count is 285. In 2007 it was just 278 ships. Actually we were smaller in 2007 than we are now. We've been increasing the size of the navy under president obama. But moreover I think this was the president's point in the debate about horses and bayonets is that it's really not a valid comparison to compare the number of ships today to the number of ships more than 90 years ago. The reason for that is technology has changed dramatically since then. 
>> Warner: The candidates also jousted over america's exit from e nearly nine-year war in iraq. It's been ten months since the last u.S. Convoy crossed the border into kuwait. A point that president obama often touts on the campaign trail. 
>> Four years ago I told you we'd end the war in iraq and we did. 
>> Warner: By contrast last november, mitt romney criticized the u.S. Pullout. 
>> The precipitous withdrawal is unfortunate. It's more than unfortunate. I think it's tragic. 
>> Warner: Last night the two men clashed over whether they had wanted to keep troops in iraq. And if so how many. The president charged romney is trying to have it both ways. 

[00:26:29]


>> You say that you're not interested in duplicating what happened in iraq. But just a few weeks ago you said you think we should have more troops in iraq right now. 
>> Warner: That was believed to be a reference to romney's address at the virginia military institute earlier this month. 
>> America's ability to influence events for better in iraq has been undermined by the abrupt withdrawal of our entire troop presence. 
>> Warner: Romney did not say v.M.I. That u.S. Troops should still be in iraq. But at a secretly taped fund-raiser last may the video shows romney said this. 
>> This president's failures put in place an agreement allowing 10,000-20,000 troops to stay in iraq. Unthinkable. 
>> Warner: Romney said that mr. Obama also had wanted to keep troops in iraq. But could not get baghdad to guarantee them legal immunity. 
>> There was an effort on the part of the president to have a status of forces agreement. I concurred with that and said we should some number of troops stay on. That was something I concurred with. That was your posture and mine as well. You thought it should have been 5,000 troops. I thought it should have been more troops. The answer was we got no troops whatsoever. 
>> Just a few weeks ago you indicated that we should still have troops in iraq. 
>> I'm sorry. I indicated... 
>> Warner: Last november, joint chiefs chairman martin dempsey told a senate committee the obama administration wanted to keep about 3,000 troops in iraq if there had been a status of forces agreement. You can watch the entire debate on our home 
>> Woodruff: You can watch the entire debate on our home page, and find our analysis there, too. 
>> Ifill: Another topic raised 
last night: The cost of slashing the federal government. Congress agreed to deep across- the-board cuts-- known as sequestration-- as part of a deal to raise the nation's borrowing capacity. But president obama said those cuts, which would kick in january 1, are avoidable. 

[00:28:30]


>> First of all it is not something that I proposed. It's something that congress has proposed. It will not happen. The budget that we're talking about is not reducing our military spending. It's maintaining it. 
>> Woodruff: It is up to congress in the lame duck session after the election to resolve the issue of see questions traition. But the prospect of those cuts, in particular for defense, has some voters worried , especially those who live in southeastern virginia. That area, with its large military population, is focused on how the cuts would affect the local economy. Our story comes from cathy lewis of whro in hampton roads and is part of our new collaboration with public media partners across the country. We're bringing you reports from areas that will likely dictate the outcome of the election in a series we call battleground dispatches. 
>> Are you aware of the term seuestration? 
>> No. Are you familiar with the terminology sequestration? 
>> Say again. 
Reporter: People here in the hampton roads region might not be able to define sequestration but with the largest military concentration in the country they know big cuts to defense means the loss of lots of jobs. 
>> You've lost a lot of work. You're going to put a lot of people out of work. Most people work with navy vessels. If you cut the government spending you're cutting jobs. That's going to trickle on down to where the people aren't worng, they're not spending the money out in the economy. 
>> Reporter:6% of the population here wears a military uniform. Another 40% work in busisses that support the 
>> we have the navy down here. If they cut back, that would hurt the economy a lot. 
>> Reporter: With the drawdown of military operations in iraq and afghanistan, defense spending will already be shrinking. But without congressional action the automatic cuts scheduled in january by sequestration will cost virginia more than 200,000 jobs, st of them in defense. 
>> We have an aircraft carrier to go under construction next year. The kennedy. We have a carrier to be refueled that would go under contract next year. We have a carrier to be inactivatedded the enterprise would go under contract next year. We have another block of submarines to go under contract in the next year or so. 

[00:30:48]


>> Reporter: Mike petters is a nativeea and president and ceo of huntington inkals, the parent company of newport news shipbuilding. They're virginia's largest industrial employer and the only shipyard in the nation that can build nuclear powered aircraft carriers or as they're known around here 90,000 tons of diplomacy. Their contracts are safe for the moment but their future is less certain. 
>> The debate that's going on around budget sequestration as far as our company is concerned is really what does this business look like five years from now because it will be future wo that might have to be moved around or shifted around that would be work we would be doing in the five- to ten-year time frame. 
>> Reporter: Petters is also concerned about the impact of cuts on his suppliers. 
>> We have 5,000 suppliers in all 50 states. Those folks are sitting there looking at what are the orders that are coming out of the business now? What are the investments we need to make in our work force and in our facilities to support the next level of navy shipbuilding? 
>> Reporter: Military contracts often look at least five years ahead because it takes a long time to bild things like ships and submarines. 
>> The politics are interesting. The election is important. I encourage everybody to participate but when it comes to our business, the things that we do, we're doing for the president after next. 
>> Reporter: Quinten kidd is a professor of public policy at the university. 
>> Whether you're in the military or not in hampton roads you're aware of the impact of the military's spending in hampton roads. You're aware of the potential devastating impact of cuts either slow cuts or dramatic cuts. 
>> Reporter: In this battle ground state the issue is on the minds of voters eyeing close races for the house, senate and white house. President obama and former governor mitt romney's campaigns have devoted time and money here in hopes of securing its 13 electoral votes. Both candidates have made repeated visits to the region. In fact it was here along this working waterfront lined with military vessels where governor romney introduced his running mate to the nation. In the closely watched race for the second district here, a seat that has switched parties twice in recent years, republican congressman has had to defend his votes for the automatic cuts that were part of the resolution to the debt ceiling stalemate last year and argues they have since worked in the house to protect defense spending from being cut. 

[00:33:15]


>> I think we need to remember that we are right at the precipice of an economic serious situation because of reaching the debt limit. We've acted and led. I actually amended the national defense authorization act with an amendment that would stop sequestration if it would be acted upon in the senate. 
>> Reporter: His democratic opponent is a successful entrepreneur and philanthropist. He says he wouldn't have voted for the debt deal that triggers the cuts but would have pushed for other cost-cutting strategies like negotiating for better medicare drug prices and ending tax cuts for those making more than a million dollars. 
>> It's going to take dproms. That's not a dirty word when it comes to making sure that we don't hurt and cripple our economy in hampton roads. 
>> Reporter: The automatic cuts are not a sure thing if congress in a lame duck session can come to an agreement. Each side is using the spat to make political points. Democrats denounced the cuts calling for more revenue by taxing the wealthy and republicans are proposing to undo the defense cuts or swap them with further reductions in other parts of the budget. But their prospects are cause for real concerns in this state which is home to 20 major military installations. 
>> We still have a little bit of time between the election and the first of january where we may find a compromise worked out. If so, they've waited an awfully long time and caused people a lot of heart burn to get to that compromise. 
>> Reporter: Which explains why voters here are as interested in what happens after the election as they are in what happens on november 6. 
>> Ifill: How did we 
>> Ifill: So how did we get to this pass, and what happens next? To help us sort that out, we're joined by steven dennis, who covers the white house for roll call newspaper and josh rogin, a staff writer with foreign policy magazine and the author of the cable blog. How did we get to this path? The president said it was really congress that did this and some people said no the white house had a role. How did we get to this. 
>> A lot of folks were shaking their heads wondering what he was saying because the reality is the president was involved. He helped craft this deal. This sequestration is really a symptom of washington's failure to get a budget deal. For 18 months the two sides have been squaring off and the the democrats are off in their corner saying we need to raise taxes on the wealthy. The republicans are saying we have to have a cuts-only plan. When they cut this deal a year-and-a-half it was designed to bring the two parties together, to make it so onerous that both sides had to come... 

[00:35:48]


>> Ifill: Nobody thought it would ever be real. 
>> Yeah. I think that basically the idea was the super committee was going to take a crack at coming up with an alternative. They failed. And since then neither party has really, you know, there hasn't been much in the way of talks at the high level. There have been a lot of behind-the-scenes talks and there's a lot of optimism in recent weeks at the sort of staff level and members of congress trying to come up with some kind of compromise. You know, the reality is when something in congress nobody wants the democrats don't want these cuts, the republicans don't want these cuts. The president doesn't want these cuts. Chances are these cuts aren't fully going to take place. 
>> Ifill: Let's assume for a moment that nothing happens, what would happen at the pentagon? What would happen in defense if these cuts were to take effect? How many jobs, for instance, would be affected? 
>> Sure. It's important to know that none of this is set in stone. What we're talking' here are cuts in the fiscal 2013 budget and beyond. What the pentagon does is budget this advance. On january 2, nothing actually changes. The pentagon and its contractors are working based on last year's contracts, obligated funds, and this surrounds the whole controversy of when contractors would be forced to cut workers, issue lay-off notices because on january 2, nothing actually kicks in. Then begins the process of figuring out how these cuts, again, spread out over ten years cuts from projected budge hes not actual budge hes, hypothetical budgets even would then be implemented through the program. 
>> Ifill: Mitt romney has been saying on the campaign trail with presumably is what the president referred to last night, this guy is going to cut the navy. He's going to make us weak with these cuts that he has endorsed. 
>> Right. There's two things that mitt romney said which I think don't have a a lot of analytical basis. He said $1 trillion in cuts. Wees conflating the sequestration cuts with savings over ten years that the obama administration put into last year's budget. Those were savings based on projected budge hes. They didn't cut the level of the budget. The cut is when the number goes down. The second thing that he sais that this would take our 285-ship navy down to the low 200s. Now again we don't have planning on what these cuts would mean. Nobody is really shore exactly where the cuts would come. A document mandated byongress in the sequestration transparency act forcedded the administration to outline cuts. What they did was they eliminated a flat percentage from all the accounts. Which doesn't lead us to any conclusions about how many ships or how many plans or how many missiles or how many soldiers would uuffer. It all remains to be seen. 

[00:38:27]


>> There have been economic analysis by folks outside and academics who have said that these cuts could lead to the loss of a million jobs on the defense side alone and maybe another million on the other side of sequestration which we haven't talked about much which is on the economic... Which is on the domestic side. 
>> Ifill: My next question is, this is not just about the military. 
>> Absolutely. Every part of the government would be affected. Medicare payments to doctors would be cut by 2%. Things like food safety inspectors, the government has warned that f.B.I. Agents could be left off. All kinds of things could happen if this lasts more than a few weeks. The reality is there is probably some time early in january with the new president, whoever it is, sworn in to deal with this situation. And, you know, the thing is that people talk about it being a trillion dollar issue its a ten-year issue. 109 billion next year. If the congress can come together on something like $50 billion, they can kick it halfway into next year and have time to deal with it in sort of a more rational basis. 
>> Ifill: And, but, joshua, one other thing that has to happen as you pointed out, plan ahead. These defense contractors plan ahead. These people who are building the planes and the ships plan ahead. Don't they have to base their budget basedded on what they know which is what the deal is? 
>> Right. First let me say I largely agree with everything steven said but again he's are all economic ANALYSTs BASED ON POSSIBLE Contingencies. We're going to have two chances to avoid this one on a lame duck session which could go one w if romney is elected and another way if the president is re-elected. 
>> Ifill: What do you mean. Where the democrats maintain control of the senate, we'll have a much longer lame duck with a much greater opportunity for more leverage on the president and more opportunity for revenues to be included in a grand bargain. If the republicansake over it's likely we won't have a very robust lame duck session. Either way when the congress comes back in january the republicans will likely still control the the house. They will likely not implement these cuts one way or the other. 
>> Ifill: Have either of you heard any movement on this? Everyone is saying can it possibly happen? But is anything actually going on in briefly are. 

[00:40:33]


>> What's interesting is the actual and maybe steven knows this better than I but the top-level negotiations are dormant. They're not going on. There's a lot of movement on the political front. Again, it's in certain people's interest to push this issue before the election for political purposes. That's why we see a lot of campaigning on this its in the interest of the incumbent to wait until after the election and push this down the road. 
>> There's a lot of work at the staff level people coming up with scenarios things like maybe you could take mitt romney's idea of capping deductions for the wementy and use that to raids a little bit of revenue maybe not bring the rates down to 28 but have them not go up to 39%. 
>> Ifill: There is still some hope somewhere. 
>> There's some talk and you have a number of senate republicans particularly hawks BIKE john McCain and lindsey graham who have been pushing their colleagues to compromise. The question is whether house republicans will be willing to go. 
>> Ifill: Steven dennis, josh rogin, thank you both very much. 
>> Great to be here. 
Ifill: You can find more reporting from 
>> Ifill: You can find more reporting from virginia, and all of our battleground state dispatches, on our web site. 
>> Woodruff: And we turn to a topic not mentioned last night 
in florida: Climate change. It's the first time since 1988 that the major party candidates did not discuss the issue-- or were not asked about it-- during the debates. Many were disappointed that it did not draw attention. Tonight's edition of "frontline explores why attitudes toward climate change have shifted as skeptics have mounted a campaign to undermine the scientific consensus. In this excerpt, frontline correspondent john hockenberry looks at how the battles are being fought not just in washington, but at the local level, too. . 
>> Here in north carolina a warning from scientists on sea level rise would cause politicians to try and legislate chime at change out of existence 
>> they're here to try to protect these houses. 

[00:42:34]


>> Reporter: In 2010, 19 scientists on a state commission warned of a possible sea-level rise by the end of the century. 
>> Here you get an idea of the nature of these. 
>> Reporter: Geologist stanley rigs was one of the scientists. 
>> We were asked to do is to develop what is the history of sea-level rise and what can north carolina expect 25 years from now, 50 years from now, 100 years from now? 
>> Reporter: The report said to expect a 39-inch ocean rise, an estimate in the middle of a range consistent with other predictions for the region. 39 inches. If that comes to pass here, everything we'd see. 
>> This town will be underwater. 
Reporter: The commission's warning was seen as a threat by a coastal economic development group, nc-20. 
>> Now you had the flood from a storm, hurricane, whatever, and that... 
>> Reporter: Tom thompson is the group's chairman. 
>> They had a draft policy which mandated that everything be designd and constructed to a 39-inch sea-level rise. People that recommended we plan immediately for 39 inches did not understand the economic consequences. 
>> Reporter: Thompson is a skeptic himself and fears scientists and their warnings more than he fears any climate change. 
>> You're not worried. Don't believe we'll have a sea-level rise anywhere close to that. I think there are incredible scientists out there saying it is being to decelerate and i think it will. 
>> Reporter: Nc-20's website contains a familiar archive of skeptic information. There's a host of sources for people looking to doubt the scientific consensus. People like north carolina state representative bill cook. 
>> Who do you rely on? I rely on whatever size makes good sense... Science makes good sense. 
>> Reporter: Do you want to show me? 
>> This here is one the sources. This is a book by fred singer and dennis t. Avery. 
>> Reporter: What about this book really was meaningful to you? 

[00:44:35]


>> Well, it's very factual. It tells all the studies and gives you a complete bibliography on who did what kind of study and where it was done and when it was done and how it was done. This book me better sense to me than what I've seen from other sources. Co-2 is a gas that is used by all these beautiful trees. It's a good thing. 
>> Reporter: Cook cosponsord a bill to compel north carolina to disregard scientific warnings about climate change. It was written by state senator david rouser. 
>> Well, you know, I don't necessarily listen to any one person. I can't take off a whole list of scientists that are pro sea-level rise and a whole list of scientists that aren't. I'm just coming at it from a common sense standpoint. The earth has been warming and cooling since day one. The effect on sea-level change, what do we know about it? 
>> Reporter: The bill would limit authorities to considering historical data in their sea-level projections. The future could only be based on the past. 
>> The problem is, I mean, nort carolina beach fronts are very close to sea level. You're vulnerable because of hurricane effects. The storm surges and you're vulnerable because of high tides. Those vulnerabilities don't go away because you just legislate them away. 
>> Reporter: When the bill hit the beaches of north carolina it had become so controversial that the provision disregarding global warming was dropped. But the science was put on hold for four years. There would have to be a new coast line study. Skeptic views would need to be considerd. 

[00:46:36]


>> This was a home run. We're going to be involved i hope in taking some of the scientists who come in and do this thing. They were definitely one sided. 
>> They have a lot to lose if we have to change... 
>> What they're saying is that we have to include all the nay sayers and all the people who say climate change isn't happening, that sea level isn't rising. So it's going to be... 
>> Which makes it look like you're just one opinion. 
>> Yeah. Which means you've lost? Ell, for the moment. There's the tester right there. That ocean will dictate what happens. The ocean is going to win. 
>> Woodruff: For more on how climate science and politics clash, hari sreenivasan interviewed frontline correspondent john hockenberry. Watch the video online. "Climate of doubt" airs on most pbs stations tonight. 
>> Ifill: Finally tonight, a genre-bending, musical look into the mind of albert einstein. Jeffrey brown tells the story. 
>> Ifill: The "einstein on the beach" tour continues this coming weekend in berkeley, california, before heading aboad to mexico city, amsterdam, and hong kong. 
>> Brown: It's called einstein on the beach. It's now receiving a rare but there's no beach and it's not about einstein at least in any traditional sty-telling sense. It's also called an opera though according to its composer philip glass, that too is up for grabs. 
>> It's in an opera house. 
Brown: Therefore it's an opera. 
>> That's not a bad definition. When I look at the work I've done and people say which are operas and which aren't? I say the ones we hold in opera houses are operas. Good definition. 
>> Brown: So what is einstein on the beach? It had its premiere in europe in 1976 and then in two sold-out performances at the metropolitan opera in new york. It mixes experimental forms of music with scooping arpeggios that repeat and vary, dance, theater, and contemporary art into a long -- and I mean long, nearly five hours -- events. It's abstract without a story to follow or a colonellage of sound, movement and images. Musician and einstein playing the violin. And singers chanting numbers, clocks moving forward and backwards. 

[00:49:24]


>> The amazing thing is is that what you see or almost everything you see are things that einstein talked about when he was talking about his theories, he talked about space and time and trains moving. He talked about clocks. If you look at the stage you're looking at the furniture of his imagination. 
>> Brown:36 years ago einstein thrilled many viewers and critics and infuriated others. No one had seen anything quite like it. Its admirers hailed it for tearing down borders between different ors in ways that are still with us today. But for glass and his collaborator director robert wilson captured in a 1976 photograph by robert maplethorpe it was the culmination of years of working out ideas and working with other artists. 
>> We were part of a generation of people who were furiously experimenting with collaboration. It was a great thing of that generation. And still going on today. What we were doing was putting together what he knew and what i knew into something that would be new. But we weren't thinking of a change of the art world at all. We were trying to get through the piece. We were trying to put it together. 
>> Brown: In fact, einstein on the beach began with a series of drawings done by wilson. Each imagining a scene or idea they had discussed. 
>> You looked at the drawings. Simple at that. 
Brown: As simple as that? Yeah. 
Brown: Philip glass grew up in baltimore where his father owned a record store with a wide-ranging collection. By age 15 young philip was the unpaid classical music buyer for the store, getting a hands-on education. 
>> My father took a liking to modern music. He had records in the store that nobody would listen to. He would take them home to listen to them. Ended up in thi business. He was a very smart fellow and learned a lot along the way. At one point he took the records home and said well if I have to listen to find out what's wrong with them, if I know what's wrong with them you won't buy the bad ones anymore. 

[00:51:35]


>> Brown: This was contemporary classical music. 
>> We would listen to it. After a while I was his companion in listening. 
>> Brown: He went on to study in juilliard and also in europe and worked with non-western musicians. Before helping buy near amuseical style known as minimalism. Glass prefers to describe himself as a composer of, quote, music with repetitive structures. That's what he's bcome famous for indeed perhaps the most famous contemporary composer. Captured in a well known portrait by artist chuck close. BUT IT WASN'T UNTIL HIS 40s Glass says that he was able to make a living at music and quit his day of driving cabs in new york. Einstein on the beach first made his name but also left him broke. 
>> What we didn't know -- and this is because our naivete. We thought since we had sold out the house we wouldn't possibly lose money. We didn't understand that operas always lose money. 
>> Brown: You just didn't know. We never expected to make a living at it to be truthful. 
>> Brown: You didn't? No. 
Brown: It just seemed impossible? 
>> It seemed unlikely. 
Brown: Unlikely perhaps but many years later and after numerous operas, symphonies and oscar-fom natured film scores, glass is still thriving. 
>> I'm delighted to be involved with einstein again. To see the energy of it and how it connects with the performers. It's inspiring actually. They're finding things in ways of performing that we didn't know it gives you a lot of hope for the future. 
>> Brown: In his 75th year philip glass is being honored and celebratedded in concerts around the world and einstein on the beach is back and has challenged and engaged audiences. 

[00:53:50]


>> Ifill: The "einstein on the beach" tour continues this coming weekend. 
>> Woodruff: Again, the major developments of the day, the presidential candidates beat a path to battleground states after their final debate. It marked the beginning of an all-out push to the election, 14 days from now. And wall street had one of its worst days of the year after a series of disappointing earnings reports. The dow industrials fell more than 240 points. A stint in the hospital is never easy. Online we offer ways to make it more manageable. Hari sreenivasan explains. 
>> Sreenivasan: We have a patient checklist, simple steps you can take to make sure your next hospital visit is safe and cost-efficient. That's part of our series on health care costs on our health page. All that and more is on our web SITE, newshour.pbs.org. Judy? 
>> Woodruff: And that's the newshour for tonight. I'm judy woodruff. 
>> Ifill: And I'm gwen ifill. We'll see you online, and again here tomorrow evening. Thank you, and good night. Major funding for the pbs newshour has been provided by: 
>> St. Petersburg, beijing, for 15 years viking river cruises has transported travelers to another world, a world of dramatic landscapes, majestic castles, and remarkable characters. All brought to life on board a modern cruise vessel. So travelers can spend less time getting there and more time being there. Viking river cruises. Exploring the world in comfort. 
>> United health care. Online at u.H.C. Dot-com. 
>> Intel. Sponsors of tomorrow. 
>> And by the bill and melinda gates foundation. Dedicated to the idea that all people deserve the chance to live a heivthy productive life. And with the ongoing support of these institutions and foundations. And... This program was made possible by the corporation for public broadcasting. And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. Captioning sponsored by MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS Captioned by Media AccGroup at WGBH access.wgbh.org 

[00:59:44]


>> This is nbr. Captioning sponsored by WPBT 
>> Susie: Good evening. I'm susie gharib. 

﻿Title: Piers Morgan Tonight
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Of what he's given us. 
>> You know I mean what I say. You know that I do what I say I'm going to do. 
>> The ultima question, who will win the white house? Tonight, newt gingrich argues for mitt romney. Beau biden takes president obama's side. 
>>> Also, what is called a $100 billion failure. 
>>> Can mitt romney win without it? Can the president, for that matter? 
>>> Who is public enemy number one, iraq or al qaeda? This is "piers morgan tonight." 
>>> Good evening. Our big story tonight is the biggest story in the country, of course, the race for the white house. 14 days to go, the latest cnn poll of polls has the president and mitt romney locked in a dead heat at 47% each. It couldn't be closer. Of course, both sides looking for something, anyt, that will move the needle. Mitt romney's getting ready to take the stage any minute now, the red rocks ampitheater in colorado, supported by kid rock. We are keeping an eye on that for you later on. Meanwhile, president obama, a bit of humor on the trail in the battleground state of ohio today. 
>> If you've come down with a case of romnesia, if you can't seem to remember the positions that you've taken, not just four years ago but four days ago, if you don't rember the positions that are on your website, if you don't remember the promises you've been making during the six years that you've been running for president, you don't have to worry because obama care covers pre-existing conditions. 
>> Joining me now, big supporter of president obama and bigger supporter of the vice president, his son, beau biden. Welcome back. 
>> Great to be back. 
>> What did you make of last night's debate? You're a military man. Did you like what you heard from the two candidates? 

[00:02:02]


>> What I was struck by most, piers, is how remarkable it was that you have, you know, running for president is about convincing the american people that you can be trusted to do what you say you're going to do. The president of the united states has done exactly what he said he would do as a candidate. He said he would end the war in iraq. He did. He said he would hand over authority in afghanistan. He's about to, is in the process of doing that. And he said he would go after al qaeda around the world and get osama bin laden, both of which he did. That was in stark contrast to governor romney. Look, you're running to be president of the united states, you have to convince the american people you mean what you say, you say what you mean. What governor romney did last night is he reaffirmed all of those concerns that the people that know him best have about him, and that is he's willing to say anything it takes at the moment for political expediency sake. He will tell people what they want to hear. 
>> The trouble is with that argument is although it does apply to romney in varying degrees, it also applies to barack obama. He's the guy who stood there last time round and said I will shut guantanamo bay and he didn't. What's the difference? 
>> The president spent a lot of time working throughout the administration to figure out a way to deal with a very, very difficult issue. On most every issue that the president has made promises to the american people on, like the ones I just discussed and on the war in iraq, he's delivered time and time again. Look, the president of the united states has conviction, has a sense of purpose and speaks with clarity. Last night, governor romney didn't speak with any of those things. There was no conviction, no clarity, and no certainty in anything he said. Look, just take iraq. On iraq, governor romney last night embraced the president's policy but only recently over the last 14 months, the last six years that he's been running, he called our removal of troops from iraq a tragedy. On afghanistan, governor romney spent the entire campaign talking about well, we can't set a time certain, it would somehow tip off the enemy. It will be dependent on facts at the moment. Now he's embraced the president of the united states' policy of turning -- 

[00:04:14]


>> let me jump in there. What struck me as a viewer last night, I'm sure many other people, was just how similar sounding both candidates were on foreign policy and america's place in the world. There wasn't really much to cut between them. There were details on various things but in terms of a strategy, I thought they were pretty similar, wasn't it? 
>> Well, clearly the governor embraced the strong and decisive policies that the president over the last three and a half years, but if you follow and I know you have, piers, the campaign, the 20 debates the republicans have, governor romney staked out far, far, far more conservative positions on a whole host of issues, including osama bin laden. Take you back to the 2008 race. Governor romney's on record as saying he would not move heaven and earth to go after osama bin laden. Last night, he embraced the policy of the president going after and rooting out al qaeda around the world. On afghanistan, it bears repeating, on afghanistan, up until just several weeks ago, u until last night, actually, governor romney has embraced a policy that says the president is somehow being weak in terms of setting a timeline to get out of afghanistan. Last night, out of nowhere, he fully embraced the president's policy of handing over authority by thend of 2014. In fact, paul ryan, congressman ryan when he was debating my dad in kentucky just about two weeks ago, he suggested, that is congressman ryan, putting additional troops in afghanistan. So just within the span of two weeks, romney and ryan have contradicted themselves, have contradicted that 14 months of his statements about foreign policy. 
>> As vice president biden's son, how did you feel when the president shoved your dad under a bus? Let me play it to you now. 
>> Those decisions generally are not poll tested, and even some in my own party, including my current vice president, had the same critique as you did. But what the american people understand is that I look at whatneed to get done to keep the american people safe and to move our interests forward, and I make those decisions. 

[00:06:16]


>> I was shocked by that. He didn't need to say that. That's his vice president. He wasn't very loyal, was it, saying I'm the hero that got bin laden. By the way, joe biden didn't fancy it. 
>> Well, number one, I think what the president was referring to was statements during the 2008 debate about how we and whether or not we would go into pakistan to get bin laden. That being said, look, there's no more loyal person in my life that I've known than the vice president, my father. And the partnership that he has with the president of the united states is as rock-solid as it can be. They were in ohio today and my father is a great partner to him. The president of the united states is lucky to have my dad at his side because he's the most loyal person I know. 
>> I agree with that. It's just the other way round i would be happy a few issues this morning, if I was your father. Hang on, babarack, what are you up to? 
>> I don't -- I don't think that's what the president intended. Look, they have a strong partnership. They have been in the trenches for the last three and a half years working to rebuild this economy that they inherited from george w. Bush and project our strength around the world and increase and better our relationships with allies. Look, my dad is a loyal, I don't think there's been a more loyal vice president that I'm aware of, and their partnership is strong. 
>> I hope he managed to wrestle himself out from under the bus. Beau biden, always a pleasure to talk to you. Thank you. 
>> Thanks for having me on, piers. 
>>> Beau biden there. And a double bonus. We had kid rock performing live at a mitt romney rally. There you are. Rock music, too. 
>>> On the other side is newt gingrich, former presidential candidate and current mitt romney supporter. I say current mitt romney supporter, because you never know with you. You may be running against him one day and decide he's back to being a flip-flopping mr. Nasty again. How are you? 
>> I'm doing well. I thought that was a very good interview. It's amazin to me how beau biden is so much more mature than his father. He gives much better interviews and seems much more in control of himself. 

[00:08:27]


>> What did you make of that moment? I found it rather perplexing when I would have expected mitt romney to chuck joe biden under a bus, but I didn't expect barack obama to do it. His own vice president. 
>> Well, I don't know. Look, I think president obama has a pattern of seeing himself as a dissenter of virtually everything. I'm not surprised by anything he does. There was a great cartoon a few weeks ago that showed the national security council meeting to decide on whether or not to go after bin laden and every person in the room had obama's face so the chairman of the joint chiefs was obama, the secretary of state was obama. It sort of captured -- obama has this fantasy, he didn't kill bin laden. THE U.S. NAVY S.E.A.L.s DID. He didn't find bin laden. An enormous intelligence effort over a long period did. If you read the remarkable recent book "the finish" by mark bowden who earlier had done "blackhawk down"ou get a sense of the effort that went into tracking down and killing bin laden. I don't take anything away from the president for making the decision to do it but I think it would be pretty hard for a president not to have decided to go after bin laden once they found him. 
>> Yes, but let's be honest. If it was the other way round and mitt romney was the incumbent president and he had taken out bin laden, he would be talking about nothing else. It's all politics, isn't it, at the end of the day. Let's get down to nitty-gritty here. Let's move on to ohio. Because it's getting increasingly clear it's going to be a very, very tight race. May all come down to ohio. How important is this whole issue of the auto bailout going to be, do you think? The democrats clearly believe -- 
>> well, look, I think -- 
>> the lower unemployment rates in states like ohio will be to their benefit. Have the republicans got a problem because of that op-ed piece that mitt romney wrote basically distancing himself from a bailout? 

[00:10:29]


>> It's important to remember what he said. What he said was they ought to go through a regular procedure of bankruptcy and at the end of that time, the u.S. Government should guarantee the loans necessary to gear up and should guarantee their warranties so the people can buy the cars without fear of them disappearing. So he was for a more sophisticated, more -- I think much more professional approach than obama took. What obama did was deliberately violate traditional bankruptcy law in oer to take care of the united auto workers at the expense of the pensioners and the people who in fact had invested in general motors bonds. So it was a pretty straight political ploy. If you are a uaw member you are probably very grateful to obama because he took care of you. If you're everybody else in ohio, you sort of think they ought to earn their own way out. If you're a ford employee you're not particularly grateful that the gm got a special deal. Remember, in this process, chrysler became part of fiat so for the president to claim he saved american companies is a little bit disingenuous. 
>> There's a theory going around the romney camp are all beginning to talk up victory even though in their hearts, they know looking at the electoral college voting, it's still a long way away in the sense that in all these swing states, in reality, there's a long way to go. But they're marching around saying we've got it in the bag. It's a kind of false picture strategy where you basically keep saying something until eventually people start to believe it. Do you go along with that? 
>> Well, I'm talking to you tonight from lacross, wisconsin, where governor tommy thompson has begun to pull away from the liberal democrat running against him and now has a three or four point advantage. This is a state where the unions threw everything they had and in the end, governor scott walker won. I just talked to a number of very active republicans in this area. They believe romney's going to carry wisconsin. I think you're going to see -- i talked to john kasich the other night. He believes that governor romney's going to carry ohio. I think you could see romney well above 300 electoral votes. I don't think this will be 2004. I think in the next two weeks, five things are going to break, five words are going to break obama. Unemployment, gasoline, benghazi and big bird. They are going to come together and I think you are going to see the gap actually widen, not narrow. 

[00:12:49]


>> If you were watching letterman last night -- were you? 
>> No, I wasn't, unfortunately. 
>> The great tom hanks appeared and he turned out to be a big fan of yours. Let's watch a clip. 
>> Newt gingrich is going to put people on the moon? I'm going to be one of them. I went newt gingrich nuts. Mr. Former speaker of the house of representatives, i, tom hanks, choose to go to the moon. Sign me up. I am going -- this man has got to become president of the united states. 
>> What's your reaction to that, mr. Speaker? Quite a tribute there. Do you take it at face value? 
>> Well, I was with richard branson recently, head of virgin airlines, who in fact is building a system that next summer is going to take people up into near space, near orbit. Richard believes in it enough he's going to take his own family. He's a believer that we can do this. I talked to a number of other private sector folks who believe we can get the federal government out of the way, create the right incentives, you would be shocked how many private sector folks would be engaged in trying to get there. You just saw a guy go up to the outer edge of space and skydive, setting an all-time record, actually going faster than the speed of sound with nothing but an astronaut's suit around him. It was a remarkable thing. The human spirit wants to break out and despite the bureaucrats and naysayers and those who scoff, I think we are in fact going to get back into space in a big way, and we are going to do it in a very exciting way for our children and grandchildren. I would love to work with tom hanks. I don't know how much of his tongue was in his cheek when he said that. But I want to give him a call and see whether or not he would likeactually work on getting back to the moon. 
>> I would definitely be with you. It was one of the best things you said all year. I mean that in all sincerity. I love what that guy felix did the other day. If you run again for high office you should get up into your moon colony, put that suit on and just dive off, back to earth. You would be voted in as president in ten seconds. 
>> You may not fully understand the american system, piers, but I like your romanticism. 

[00:14:57]


>> Always a pleasure to talk to you. 
>>> President obama may have one the battle of zingers last night but will he win the war? I will ask nick kristof after the break. 2013 airbags, a crash management system and the world's only tridion safety cell which can withstand over three and a half tons. Small in size. Big on safety. humanapp up pp to bring you a low-priced medicarerr prescription drug plan. ?????? ?????? with a lowrr national plan premium... ?????? ?????? ...And copays as lowtt as one dollar... ?????? ?????? ...Saving on your medicarerr prescriptions is easy. ?????? ?????? so you're free to focustt on the things that really matter. Call humana at 1-800-808-4003. Or go to walmart.Com for details. ?????? ?????? constipated? Yeah. Mm. SOME LAXATIVES LIKE Dulcolax CAN CAUSE CRAMPS. BUT Phillips' Caplets DON'T. They have magnesium. For effective relief of occasional constipation. Thanks. 
[ Phillips' Lady ] LIVE THE REGULAR LIFE. Phillips'. hospital wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 
[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... Duck ] Aflac! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THIS IS KAREN AND JEREMIAH. They don't know it yet, but they're gonna fall in love, get married, have a couple of kids, 
[ children laughing ] MOVE TO THE COUNTRY, And live a long, happy life together where they almost never fight about money. 
[ dog barks ] BECAUSE RIGHT AFTER THEY GET Married, they'll find some retirement people who are paid on salary, not commission. They'll get straightforward guidance and be able to focus on other things, like each other, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense. From td ameritrade. ] bliss delight that can only come from having someone else pay your mortgage for an entire year... This is what you'll experience if you win THE Quicken Loans Skip-A-Year Mortgage Sweepstakes. Up to five winners will get to skip a year of mortgage payments... COURTESY OF Quicken Loans. Enter often at skipayear.Com for more chances to experience...This... THE Skip-A-Year Mortgage Sweepstakes. ONE MORE WAY Quicken Loans IS ENGINEERED To amaze! 

[00:18:21]


>>> You mentioned the navy, for example. And that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have these ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. 
>> Presint obama on the attack last night. Joining me now, a man who has a lot to say about that particular debate, foreign policy. "New york times" columnist, nick kristof. Welcome back. The president was actually wrong about it. There's a pedantic piece of literature that proves this. We actually have more bayonets than we had in 1916. Over 650,000. 
>> We have three times at many bayonets as we did back then. 
>> Imagine if mitt romney had been able to say that as a zinger back. He would have won the election. 
>> It just makes me think what on earth are we spending money on bayonets for? Have we run out of can openers? What are we going to do with them? 
>> Funny enough, my brother is a british army colonel. He's done service in afghanistan and iraq, and you would be amazed I think how much action is done with bayonets these days, because of the nature of the kind of warfare that's going on in places like afghanistan. A lot of it is hand-to-hand combat. Pretty scary but it's true. 
>> In iraq and afghanistan, i have seen bayonets used to open CANS OF FOOD OR OPEN MREs. 
>> Ever seen them used in action? 
>> No. Of course, I try to stay a certain distance when people are skewering each other with bayonets. 
>> What did you make of the debate last night? It seemed to me although obama probably shaded it, it wasn't that consequential to the result of the election, probably, because mitt romney didn't drop any gaffes. 
>> Yeah. I think that's largely true. The decisions are going to be based on economics, principally and neither one flubbed it. I do want to push back at something you said earlier, that there really wasn't that much difference between them. In fact, I think that on a couple of issues, iran and especially the military budget, ther really is a difference that obama clearly would trim the budget and -- 

[00:20:23]


>> you said mitt romney had his pants on fire when he talks about the budget. It was your tweet last night. 
>> Any time you try to add up his numbers, boy, you just cringe. But on the military budget, that's not an issue where he's fiddling with the numbers. He would clearly substantially increase the military spending, more than $2.1 trillion over ten years, and that's a real difference. But at the end of the day, we almost spend as much money as the entire rest of the world combined in military spending. 
>> But given the slightly more moderate language that romney used almost all night, moving again back to the center, you could argue, it was quite hard to work out who was obama and who was romney. If you had somebody doing their voices in the same kind of manner, you wouldn't have known, would you? On almost all the key issues, they sounded almost identical. 
>> In some ways, romney seemed to be trying to endorse an obama foreign policy without obama. But I do think that that was largely stylistic and there really are differences. Aside from the military budget which is real, on iran, so obama underscored again that his policy will be to prevent iran from getting a nuclear weapon. He will use military force if necessary for that. In romney's case it's not -- the red line is not getting a nuclear weapon, it's having a nuclear capacity. That means that the u.S. Would be potentially ordering a military strike on iran at some vague point before it actually has and has tested a nuclear weapon. 
>> Were you surprised that romney didn't go after obama about benghazi more? He's had two opportunities now, two debates, hasn't really done it. I'm surprised at that. 
>> Yeah. I think that's true. I think that there is -- I think it's an issue that gets traction. I think that the obama administration clearly in retrospe made an error. Clearly there was not enough security. On the other hand, that's not a decision the white house is going to make. That's made by the deputy assistant secretary of state. Still, I think that is an area where he could have drawn blood. 
>> Mitt romney mentioned peace 12 times apparently last night to obama's zero. What would the odds have been on that, a republican candidate mentioning peace 12 times to a democratic president, zero. 

[00:22:32]


>> He talked about education and he talked about the importance of gender equality. For a moment I thought he was a bleeding heart "new york times" columnist. 
>> What was his thinking, do you think? It was obviously quite deliberate. 
>> I think he saw obama has the advantage. He wanted to appear presidential. He didn't want to scare people. And -- 
>> did he achieve that aim? 
>> I think he did. 
>> I agree with you. 
>> I think the key thing he needed to show was that he wouldn't screw things up badly and if he could then neutralize that issue and move the talk back to the economy. The economy is really where his strength is. His strength is criticizing obama on the economy. His weakness is when he talks about his own plans. 
>> Nick silva, one of your colleagues, is brilliant with these numbers. Actually, a read a piece tonight where he's not saying it may go romney's way. He's saying it could go romney's way. First time I have really seen him say that. He studies these numbers in great detail. What is your sense of what's really happening in the battleground areas in particular? 
>> Well, I mean, in defense of nate, he says that it might go romney's way but he still says 70% chance that obama will be re-elect and in fact, that increment is up slightly. 
>> He doesn't sound quite as certain as he did on my show even three weeks ago. 
>> I don't know. Maybe he was just feeling particularly nuanced. 
>> What is your feeling? You've covered lots of elections. What is your gut feeling for the battleground battle in particular? 
>> I think that it will come down to ohio. I think that it will be about the economy. I think that these foreign policy issues don't really matter at this point, and i would bet on obama but i wouldn't give odds. 
>> I think that's probably pretty sensible analysis. Nick, good to see you. Thank you. 
>>> You can lead a candidate to foreign policy but you can't make them talk about it. When we come back, I ask my political all-star panel about all the things mitt romney and president obama talked about instead. calcium is efficiently absorbed in small continuous amounts. Citracal Slow Release Continuously releases calcium plus d with efficient absorption in one daily dose. Citracal Slow Release. ???????????? 

[00:26:10]


(Train Horn) 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. business stay top of mind with customers? From deals that bring them in with an offer... To social media promotions that turn fans into customers... To events that engage and create buzz... To e-mails that keep loyal customers coming back, our easy-to-use tools will keep you in front of your customers. See what's right for you at ConstantContact.com/Try. 

[00:28:21]


>>> Live pictures of bill clinton tonight campaigning for congressional candidates at uc irvine in california. 14 days and it's done. That's all that's left between now and the election. Did last night's debate seal it for them? They don't really care. Let's bring in my panel of political all-stars. Charles blow, best-selling author [ inaudible ] and kristen soltis. Welcome to you all. Newt gingrich said to me earlier there are five words that will break obama. Unemployment, gasoline, benghazi, and big bird. Kristen, is he right? 
>> I think the four words are where are the jobs. It's four, not five. I think that's why you saw in last night's debate the whole thing was a bit like a shopping cart that's broken, it's got a busted wheel, so it always keeps kareening off to the left. It was a foreign policy debate but it kept coming back to domestic policy because that's the real central question in this election. 
>> You're a late convert to romney. Recently came out for him. Watching it last night, i thought he did okay. What I thought was he couldn't wait, every time he got the chance to get it back to domestic, particularly economic policy. That's his safe ground. He didn't drop any clangers with the foreign stuff but he just tried to twist everything back to where he thinks he can win. Am I right? 
>> No. I mean, there's no question that he thinks his strong suit is domestic policy. Look, I for one, maybe I'm being played, I was relieved that he doesn't want to resort to military intervention in iran, doesn't want to drop a bomb, doesn't want to go into syria. I think people should be relieved by that, and it seems the play in a lot of the press was, well he wasn't strong enough. What do you want him to do say he's going to bomb the middle east? I believe that he is returning to the moderate roots that he had when he became governor. That's my belief. 
>> See, I actually totally agree with that. I think he's always been a moderate at heart. He went right wing to win the republican nomination because these days, y have to. Charles blow, isn't mitt romney the one we saw last night the real one? Isn't he much less threatening? 

[00:30:26]


>> You keep asking me who the real mitt romney is. I have no clue who the real mitt romney is. You had the speaker, newt gingrich, former speaker, newt gingrich on before. Please youtube what the speaker said about mitt romney and think about what would make the speaker change his mind so much. When the speaker was talking about mitt romney when he was running against him, he calls him a flat-out liar. He said of mitt romney any man who will lie to get to the white house will lie when he is in the white house. So when I look at people like e former speaker, when I look at other republicans, pretty much every republican candidate who has ever run against mitt romney, all accuse him of having tremendous character flaws, not having a core, being willing to say anything to make it to the white house. This is not kind of where you look at a person and say well, this person's not qualified. 
>> I just said to beau biden earlier, it's all very well saying that but what about barack obama, I remember this being a very big moment, I was proud of it because I was against guantanamo bay. He said I will close guantanamo bay if I'm elected president. He got into the presid and did the complete opposite. 
>> He realized that it's not so easy to close. 
>> That's what mitt romney realizes. 
>> What I'm saying is forget about what the people on the left say about mitt romney. Remember what all of the people who are now championing mitt romney used to say about mitt romney. Remember what -- 
>> what about what clinton said about barack obama? 
>> Very different argument to say that someone is not qualified. It's a very different argument to say this person, I respect this person, he's got good intentions but he doesn't have the experience. It's not the same to say -- 
>> charles -- 
>> I think you are going to get hammered here. Let me go to kristen first. 
>> That's what happens in primaries. I think none of these folks that are out on the trail have to be there. I think it's a lot of folks that are saying this guy, he's carrying the republican banner, he's doing it well, he's making a clean break with some of the mistakes that the party's made in the past. We think he's going to be a really good representative of what we believe in. He's articulated sort of these republican conservative values, especially on the economy really well in these debates and I like that he used the word peace so many times. He's articulating a peace through strength doctrine, trying to make a clean break from this sort of unfortunate brand of the gop as being a little more bellicose. 

[00:33:01]


>> Why as charles blow says we should believe a wordt romney says? He wasn't being this eharming and peace-loving even four weeks ago. 
>> Because it's called politics because it's often the case that people move to the center. Charles gave the best description I have ever heard of bill clinton. That's exactly what bill clinton did. You couldn't trust him, you couldn't trust a single thing he said. After 1994, he swayed to the right. He lied out of office, he lied in office. Mitt romney compared to bill clinton is like saint mitt. 
>> It's very interesting that mitt romney's not running against bill clinton this time around. 
>> What are you describing? What are you describing -- i understand we're having an election in two weeks. You choose to believe that he is not returning to his moderate roots but let's talk about your candidate. 
>> Who is my candidate? 
>> Raising taxes -- I assume your candidate, from your column is barack obama. I'm assuming. Maybe that's wrong. 
>> Are you not an obama supporter? 
>> I am saying -- 
>> are you an obama supporter? 
>> You want to go ahead or you want to let me finish? 
>> Yeah. Sure. 
>> Okay. What I'm saying is that I don't trust anything that comes out of mitt romney's mouth. And I am saying that I am not the only one. Many of the people who now come on television to openly support him were of the same mind just a few months ago, and if you're telling me that the character of that man has substantially changed over the course of those few months, I don't believe you and I don't believe him. 
>> Let's leave it on that little cliffhanger. Buzz, I want to get your reaction to that. I want some fireworks. Back in a moment. lisa, quit. I honestly loved smoking, and I honestly didn't think I would ever quit. 
[ Male Announcer ] ALONG WITH SUPPORT, Chantix is proven to help people quit smoking. It reduces the urge to smoke. It put me at ease that you could smoke on the first week. 
[ Male Announcer ] SOME PEOPLE HAD CHANGES In behavior, thinking or mood, hostility, agitation, depressed mood and suicidal thoughts or actions while taking or after stopping chantix. If you notice any of these stop taking chantix and call your doctor right away. Tell your doctor about any history of depression or other mental health problems, which could get worse while taking chantix. Don't take chantix if you've had a serious allergic or skin reaction to it. If you develop these stop taking chantix and see your doctor right away as some can be life-threatening. If you have a history of heart or blood vessel problems, tell your doctor if you have new or worse symptoms. Get medical help right away if you have symptoms of a heart attack. Use caution when driving or operating machinery. Common side effects include nausea, trouble sleeping and unusual dreams. With chantix and with the support system it worked. It worked for me. 

[00:35:41]


[ Male Announcer ] ASK YOUR DOCTOR IF CHANTIX Is right for you. 

[00:38:44]


>>> In order to be able to fulfill our role in the world, america must be strong. America must lead. And for that to happen, we have to strengthen our economy here at home. You can't have 23 million people struggling to get a job. You can't have an economy that over the last three years keeps slowing down its growth rate. You can't have kids coming out of college, half of whn't find a job today. 
>> Mitt romney from last night's debate. Let's bring back my panel of political all-stars. Charles blow, buzz and kristen. Good tweet here from a rather peculiar name. It says, quite interesting point, is anyone saying what a wonderful job obama has done. I can't wait to re-elect him. No. Quite interesting question. Not the second part but the first part. Have we actually seen anybody, charles blow, you probably leaned slightly more towards him. Have you heard anybody say obama has done a fantastic job and if you don't, has he really earned the right to be re-elected? 
>> I absolutely hear people saying that they are proud of the things -- 
>> that he's done a great job. 
>> It depends on the things you're asking about. 
>> Do you believe he's done a great job in totality? 
>> I think on the whole, yes. I think what people have to remember is that, you know, when barack obama was elected, we were watching people's wealth disappear like vapor. We didn't know what was about to happen with the economy. The economy overall is br. Are people individually at the same place that they were four years ago or right before the economy began to tank, that is not the case. The negative effects of the economy kind of ripple through, affect people in different ways. If most of your value was actually in the market, you're doing great. If your value was in your home you're not doing so great. 
>> Buzz, you recently converted to romney. Why did you do that? What have you sensed in yourself about the choices in front of you that made you do that? 
>> Well, I mean, the reason i did it, and it's a personal choice, and I respect what charles, what his decision is. For me, I was very much swayed by that first debate, where i felt romney for the first time was presidential. I thought he was authoritative and I may be completely wrong but I felt he was moving back to his moderate roots and I will never for the life of me understand obama's performance in that debate which was dismissive and arrogant, not simply to the debate itself but to 70 million americans who were watching. Was he better in the second and third debate? There's no question about it. But you know obama, he said it was going to be 5.4% unemployment. It hasn't happened. Obama, he says he's going to raise taxes on the wealthy. Okay, fine. What else is in his economic plan? Restoring manufacturing? It's a phantom. It's a phantom in the united states. Wind farms? What are his plans? I don't see any plans and i don't think he's earned the right to a second term. By the way, charles, middle class income has dropped $4,000. 

[00:41:53]


>> Let's bring you in, kristen. Try to bf dispassionate here. I know you're not so it will be quite hard for you. In terms of why people should vote for romney, I suppose what I was saying about obama, i don't think in any of the debates he's really given a clear vision of what the next four years of his tenure will be. It's been more a defensive account of why the last four years hasn't been a disaster. 
>> Yeah. I think one of the best moments that mitt romney had last night was he was getting attacked by obama who said we can't go back to the policies of the bush years, and romney said I want to go forward, just not forward with the policies we've had in place the last four years. Obama's taken a lot of flack for not having a very clear plan. Today his campaign put out this sort of 20-page glossy booklet they will hand out at rallies now that says this is barack obama's agenda for a -- for the next four years. The problem is it's a lot of the same things we've already heard. Trying to be dispassionate as a republican, when obama was ELECTED I supported McCain but i thought let's see what this guy can do. He had a lot of big promises. I'm going to slow the rate of tuition growth so that it's lower than inflation and things like that. Things that just didn't happen. When you look at this new 20-page glossy plan they've put out it's a lot of the same. What's barack obama's plan for fixing education? He's going to slow tuition growth. But he doesn't say how it's going to happen. I think you got to realize the plan is different than a goal. He doesn't have a plan. That's the problem. 
>> Charles blow is laughing at you. Sadly we've run out of time. I will never find out why. However, I will invite you all back so we can solve the mystery. Thank you all very much. >>> Coming next, defending america. I will ask two generals if the next commander in chief should be obama or romney. gorge, high up in the atlas mountains of morocco. Have you seen this road we're going down? ?????? ?????? there is no relief for the brakes. We'll put them to the test today. All right, let's move out! 
[ Ross ] WE'RE PUSHING THE ATS BRAKES TO The limit. Going as fast as we can down the hill. We are making these sharp turns, slamming on the brembo brakes. 

[00:43:55]


[ Derek ] IT'S LIKE INSTANT RESPONSE, INCREDIBLY Consistent. This is the challenge, machine vs. Mountain. 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ALL-NEW CADILLAC ATS. light. Outdoors, or in. Transitions???? lenses automatically filter just the right amount of light. So you see everything the way it's meant to be seen. Maybe even a little better. Experience life well lit, ask for Transitions adaptive lenses. Thanks to the EyeGlass Guide its never been easier to find the right pair of eyeglasses. Check out EyeGlassGuide.com today. Brought to you by Transitions lenses. It's hard to see opportunity in today's challenging environment. Unless you have the right perspective. BNY Mellon Wealth Management has the vision and experience to look beyond the obvious. We'll uncover opportunities, find hidden risk, and make success a reality. BNY Mellon Wealth Management 

[00:47:33]


>>> -- Skiing, mountain biking, climbing. This is a beautiful state and this beautiful state is going to deliver mitt romney as the next president of the united states, isn't it? 
>> Paul ryan live tonight at the romney event with mitt romney and also kid rock, we had playing earlier in a little free concert. Foreign policy front and center, of course, last night's final political debate. Both candidates trading barbs over who can best protect the country and its interests. With me, a couple top military men. General wesley clark and general mark kimmitt from central command. I understand you used to work for general clark. 
>> I certainly did. Proud to have worked for him. 
>> This is an interesting statistic. 
>> He's a great guy. 
>> Excellent. Interesting statistic for you. First time since 1932 that neither candidate nor their V.P.s HAVE SERVED IN THE Military. What do you think of that, general clark? 
>> I think it reflects the fact the country's gone to a volunteer force. Now, mitt romney was of the age he could have gone to vietnam but a lot of people that age didn't go to vietnam. They had student deferments. 
>> Also, while you're here, you're the best person to talk about this bayonet issue. There is a suggestion that there are more bayonets in the current american military, army and marines, than there were in 1916. 650,000. 
>> I would be surprised. 
>> Why? 
>> We had a million men in france. Every doughboy had a rifle, as far as I know and I'm sure every rifle had a bayonet. I'm not sure anybody has an actual inventory count of how many rifles were in the united states army inventory. These were springfield 1903 model rifles. They had a bayonet and bayonets were used. When I was at west point and I'm sure that mark had the same experience, we were taught bayonet drill and it came out of the trenches in world war i. 
>> It's just fascinating. Bayonet-gate. Genera I was surprised last night that romney didn't go harder against obama about the whole benghazi issue. Were you surprised, what did you make of that as an issue? How important was it from your eyes? 

[00:49:36]


>> Well, I think to a great extent, it still leaves a lot of people concerned that the administration felt so necessary to get administration felt so necessary to get out and make pronouncements about what turned out to be false facts on the ground. I've been a spokesman before and probably the best thing you can do in a situation like that is say, look, let's way until we've had a thorough and full investigation. To send the u.N. Ambassador out there and put her up in front of the world and make statements that turned out to be false, i think either showed a significant amount of political pressure or naevity in the situation. 
>> A lot of agreement on things, t a very moderate mitt romney lking about peace and not bombing places. Were you pleased by what you heard from him? 
>> I think it was a strategic move. Basically throughout the two years or four years of governor romney's running for office, he's tried to maintain the typical republican position, that they are the daddy party and democrats are the mommy party. That the republicans are tougher, more resolute, more ready to use force. But when it came out to actually putting out on specific terms on the policies, even though he would dangle these ideas at various times in the primary season and during the summer when it actually came time to defend those positions, in the debate, with the president, he didn't have those positions. They wer defensible. Like the suggestion that maybe we should give arms to the syrian rebels. Yeah, we can certainly think about it, but he was careful to qualify this and say we have to make sure they don't get in the wrong hands, gives them to the right people. Their answers were designed to appeal to the republican base, they actually converge with the president. On the one hand, they endorsed the president's position and leadership on foreign policy and on the other hand, they portrayed governor romney as somebody who was not only an etch-a-sketch, but cast a lot of uncertain, on what his position would really be on foreign policy. 

[00:51:52]


>> I was back in london over the weekend, is and interesting getting feedback there to the debates and also the feeling about obama performance on the foreign stage. Pretty popular I have to say in europe and also he took out bin laden, pulled troops out of iraq, out of afghanistan, didn't put boots on the ground in libya, and sensing certainly in england a very different kind of presidential leadership to say what george bush did before him. And do you think that's a fair assessment, that obama has a very different kind of style? 
>> That certainly may be the perception in great britain. I spent most of my time in the middle east and I think when candidate romney, governor romney, says he is seeing the unraveling of the policy in the middle east, what I see in cairo, what I see in baghdad, what I see in abu dhabi is exactly that. This is an administration that is not seen as reliable, not seen as predictable and not seen as one that will be there when you need them there are needs for change in the middle east, but if there is anything that's necessary in the middle east, it's a sense of trust, and it's a sense of consistency, and it is a sense of standing by your allies, and this administration just hasn't done that over the last four years, and a great concern of arab ies about four years of the obama administration. 
>> Do we need in the american military, more troops, more trips, more ammunition, or is the answer we need less going forward? 
>> We need a winning strategy. I think the president and his advisers have crafted a good strategy. He has to pivot toward asia, but he knows the key to america's strength is to rebuild america at home. Not a matter of another couple of ships out there. The truth, the joint chiefs of staff and service chiefs all signed up. They have what they need in the current budget there, are no cuts coming to the armed forces. This is simply a reduction in the rate of growth of defense expenditures and so we may redistribute man power. When we come out of the ground war, we don't intend to go into another ground war, but if we need them, we'll bng them back up again as we did in 2003. I think the strategy has got it about right. We have to work space and cyber securities and things that don't require man power, but we've got to have a strong strategy, and we need the country to pull together for that. 

[00:54:44]


>> General clark, thank you very much indeed. 
>> Only in america halloween mask accurately predict the presidential election. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. Card One, Olaf's pizza palace gets the most rewards of any small business credit card! Pizza!!!!! 
[ Garth ] OLAF'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS 2% Ch back on every purchase, every day! Helium delivery. PUT IT ON MY Spark CARD! 
[ pop! ] 
[ Garth ] WHY SETTLE FOR LESS? Great businesses deserve the most rewards! Awesome!!! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark Business Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with 2% cash back or double miles on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? ] health role throughout our lives. One a day men's 50+ is a complete multi-vitamin designed for men's health concerns as we age. It has more of 7 antioxidants to support cell health. One a day men's 50+. ????????????????????@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ 

[00:58:30]


>>> tonight, on the in america. Trick or treating the election. Forget the polls and public at this time -- pundits. Look at these obama and romney masks. Same expressions, same rubbery fake smiles. The realromney won't find it as comfortable as obama is that his masks are being outsold, 60% to 40%. The last four elections, mask sales pointed to the winner. Clinton masks outsold bob dole's. Bush's mask outsold gore. And george bush's mask outsold john kerry and four years ago, the obama mask outsold the McCAIN ONE. The next president of the united states will almost certainly be barack obama. But wait, not so fast, apparently outselling obama and romney is another potential masked candidate, somebody with youth, gender and popularity, firmly on her side. Madam president, honey boo-boo. A proud nation awaits. That's all for us tonight. 

﻿Title: PoliticsNation
Description: The Rev. Al Sharpton discusses the day's important political and human interest stories.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/29/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Gh n" with al sharpton starts right now. 
>>> Thanks, s, and thanks to you foning in. We are 14 days to election day and he's where the race stands. A new poll shows president obama with a two-point national lead over mitt romney. 48% to 46%. Nbc's battleground map shows the president has 243 electoral votes, solidly in his corner while mitt romney has 206 in his. 89 electoral votes are considered toss ups. Remember, it takes 270 votes to win the presidency. The latest from the "new york times'" 538 blog gives the president a 78% chance of winning. Romney has 30% chance. 5.1 million people have already voted. That includes more than 812,000 people in the key state of ohio. We'll have much more later in the show. But we start with tonight's lead. Plan of attack. At a big rally today in florida, the president unveiled a new 20-page plan for the policies he's been talking about all this year. It's his agenda for the future. A detailed look, the american people are not getting from mitt romney. 
>> In this campaign, I've laid out a plan for jobs and middle class security. And unlike mitt romney, I'm actually proud to talk about what's in it. Because my plan actually will move america forward. And by the way, the math in my plan adds up. 
>> I ask folks, compare my plan to governor romney's. See which plan is better for you. And for america's future. 

[00:02:06]


>> The president ripped romney's move to the middle at last night's debate. 
>> Now, we've come up with a name for this condition. It's called romnesia. We had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least stage three romnesia. His jobs plan doesn't really create jobs. His deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit. It adds to it. His foreign policies from the 1980s, HIS SOCIAL POLICIES FROM THE 1950s. His economic policies are from THE 1920s. So everything he's doing right now is to hide his real positions and try to win this election. 
>> In the next three days, the president will kriss-cross the country in an unprecedented swing state blitz. He's visiting six toss up states from ohio to nevada to florida. He'll also appear on the "today" show and he'll stop at home in chicago to vote. The first time er that a president will vote early. He'll be everywhere. He's even spending the night on air force one on a red eye flight from the west coast. And mitt romney, he's avoiding the media. Politico says his campaign is refusing to commit to any interviews. There is only one closing argument for these final days and a clear road to victory. His name is obama. Joining me now is michelle cottle, washington correspondent for newsweek and the daily beast and jamal simmons, democratic principle at the raven group. Thank you both for joining me tonight. 

[00:04:15]


>> Thanks for having me. 
>> Michelle, let me start with you. 14 days to go, what's the key in this final sprint? 
>> Well, debates are over, a lot of it is going to come down to ground game in tight races. It always does. Romney says he's avoiding media interviews. He's going to not commit a gaffe. He's done what he needed to do. He's put himself out there as a reasonable alternative and now he needs to not put his foot in his mouth. Obama needs to get out there to look energetic and engaged like he really wants people's votes. 
>> Now, jamal, I keep hearing this thing about momentum and, yes, the race is tightening but when we look at the poll averages in nine key swing states, president obama leads in five states. Ohio, new hampshire, nevada, wisconsin. Romney leads in three states. Flor colorado, north carolina, virginia is a tie. Now, nbc news poll lit cal unit says if obama wins, just ohio, iowa, and wisconsin as he's currently ahead in those states, that that gets him over 270 electoral votes and he wins the white house. So, I mean, you almost get the perception that this is a lot closer than it is and I don't take granted for granted but we're not in panic zone, those that are with the president here. 
>> No, people shouldn't be in panic zoens. I've been hearing from friends in michigan and other states. Friends in michigan want to go to ohio. That's what you want to have happen in the closing weeks of the campaign. You need that kind of enthusiasm from your folks who aren't just saying, he's five, six points up. I can go back to doing something else. You want to make sure that the folks are showing up and the president is doing his job because he's talking about the future, making it plain. People think romnesia is too simple. This president, nobody has a say. This president needs to go out and make a plan so understand why they need to show up and vote. 

[00:06:33]


>> And I agree with that assessment. Michelle, let me go to you, the woman vote. The woman vote in this case is going to be very important in this race. President obama, according to the nbc wall street journal poll, president obama 51, mitt romney 43. And I think that when you poll saying who is dealing with issues that concern women, president obama even a larger margin, 53, romney 25. Is this real, real lead by the president in terms of the women vothat going to be the deciding factor to you? 
>> He will with, romney in recent days has been closing that general ger gap a little bit and he's certainly been trying at last night's debate. It was not the war monger romney on display. It was the soft romney, to the point where he got labeled weak. So he clearly understands he has a problem. Always the republicans have to deal with the gender gap issue. But at this point it still looks like obama has a good enough lead on this, that he's got the advantage. 
>> Let me push you on that, though. You talked about t softer romney, not the war monger romney. But how many people over the long run, we've got two weeks of ads, two weeks of clarity. How many people are going to buy that for one performance? Because we also are seeing a romney that had done 180-degree turn from some of the things that he said. And I'm going to get deeper in that later in the show. But I mean, how can he sustain that? 
>> Well, it depends on how closely people have been paying attention. I mean, arguably nobody watched last night's debate enough to make a real big difference. But, you know, he has had real issues with abortion discussions and gender right stuff. He has not been stellar on women rights issue. So I don't think that he has the record that's going to impress a lot of women voters. At the same time, at this point, the economy is the biggest issue and he is making this appeal to all voters that he's the one who can, you know, get the economy back so that they won't have to worry about putting food on the table. 

[00:08:48]


>> Now, his argument, jamal, has been that I'm the one that can get the economy back on track, I'm the one that can do better, yet polling suggests that they are really not buying his I'm the guy that can turn the economy around and when you look at some of the record in terms of what he's done in terms of his own business with bain and outsourcing and other things like that, in the next two weeks, if you were handling the obama campaign, would you be putting out the ads of what he's done with outsourcing? Would you be playing up places like freeport, would you be dealing with the fact that he will not reveal his last ten years of taxes? As a strategist, tell me how you will walk through the next two weeks knowing that the opponents strategy is is to say I'm the guy that can put the economy back on the right footing. 
>> I'd be interested to see the minute by minute ratings of the debate last night. Not many people made it in that entire 90 minutes of back and forth. I bet you a lot of them ended up in the baseball game, football game, or wwe raw. But you're talking about what you do going forward. I think you really do have -- the president's team ought to be using romney's words against himself. The president was very good at that last night in the debate and then you've got to use those words against themselves. So this guy is not only does he have plans that are bad but you can't trust what plans it is that he might have. The poll number that I watched that is incredibly important is who shares your values, who tries to look out for the middle class? And even when romney surged up a little bit, you never saw the president fall below when they talk about who they trusted and who they thought shared their values. 
>> Michelle, quickly on this, i have to raise it, there was not a lot of talk last night about central america, south america, immigration. The latino vote has gone overwhelmingly in every poll for the president. President obama, 70%. Mitt romney, 25%. This vote, if it comes out -- particularly if it comes out this lopsided, could be critical in some of the key swing states. 

[00:11:10]


>> Absolutely. And in this case, turnout is what matters. This is where the democrats get out to turn votes are key. You want the latino vote out there for him. Romney did not do himself any favors in the primaries and has not made up much ground. The key is getting these voters to the poll. 
>> How would you get them out, jamal? 
>> I think the democrats -- i was down in tampa a couple of weeks ago and I saw what they were doing in terms of volunteers and they are telling me that they have better votes than in 2008. They are confident about what they are going to do. What happened last night that i thought was funny was how mitt romney talked about mali. He kept going back to mali as if someone gave him that fact. I felt like I was listening to myself in children filling college and filling myself. He was pouring himself in that earn even though it wasn't relevant. 
>> A guy that went to school with me used to read a word out of thes sar sus every day and kept using that word. And we didn't know why. I felt like that last night. Michelle cottle and jamal simmons, thank you for your time tonight p. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> Folks, the electoral college map is getting very interesting and we want to see how you think it's going to play out. Go to our facebook page right now. That's facebook.Com/politicsnation. We've linked to an electoral map that we want you to fill out. When you're done, share it with us on our facebook page. 
>>> Coming up, fresh off your soup kitchen photo op, paul ryan is trying something new. Nice try, congressman. 
>>> And it's all about winning ohio. How good is president obama's turnout team there? We hear live from two key democrats and ask what they are seeing. 
>>> Plus, this gop operative fired by the rnc is under criminal investigation for voter fraud. So why is he still working for republicans? 

[00:13:20]


>>> And the president must have done something right. Are these guys bailing on romney? You're watching "politicsnation" on msnbc. gas meltaways, or treat gas with these after you get it. Now that's like sunblock before or sun burn cream later. Oh, somebody out there's saying, now I get it! Take beano before and there'll be no gas. ] boost. Flavor boost, meet beef. It's swanson flavor boost. Concentrated broth to add delicious flavor to your skillet dish in just one stir. Mmm! 
[ Female Announcer ] COOK, MEET COMPLIMENTS. Get recipes at flavorboost.Com. "Politicsnation" conversation on facebook? Today we asked what's the best zinger from the debate last night was and the overwhelming winner is president obama's line, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. Everyone was talking about it today. Rick says,resident obama sunk mitt's battleship with that one. What's your favorite zinger? Tell us. Head over to facebook and "like" us to keep the conversation that keeps going long after the show ends. All by cob. And you...Rent from national. Because only national lets you choose any car in the aisle... And go. You can even take a full-size or above, and still pay the mid-size price. I'm going b-i-g. 

[00:16:53]


[ Male Announcer ] GOOD CHOICE BUSINESS PRO. Good choice. Go national. Go like a pro. 
>>> Last night mitt romney put on a master class in political slipperiness. It was amazing to watch him hide from his own policy position. Here he is on the issue of iran last night. 
>> It's also essential for us to understand what our mission is in iran and that is to dissuade iran and crippling sanctions were number one and they do work. You're seeing it right now in the economy. It's absolutely the right thing to do to have crippling sanctions. I would have put them in place earlier but it's good that we have them. 
>> Peaceful ace diplomatic means. Absolutely the right thing to do so he agrees with the president. But last night that mitt romney was gone with the wind. 
>> This president should have put in place crippling sanctions against iran. He did not. This is a president who should have instead communicated to iran that we are prepared, that we are considering military options, they are not just on the table, they are in our hand. 

[00:19:11]


>> They have to understand that we will take military kin net particular action if they continue to pursue a nuclear option. 
>> Military action. Let's get back to war. So where did that peaceful guy go? Same thing happened on the issue of afghanistan. Here's governor romney's position. 
>> We're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 2014. All the troops out by 2014. I guess this mitt romney's gone with the wind. 
>> In afghanistan, the surge was right. But announcing a withdrawal date, that was wrong. The taliban may not have watches but they do have calendars. 
>> This is not time for america to cut and run. We have been in for ten years. The president also announced a time certain which made it very clear to the taliban that they have to wait us out. I think the president has made enormous errors in our mission there. 
>> So it's okay when he says that we're leaving in 2014? This is beyond politics, as usual. He's abandoning policies 14 days from the election. Let me be clear, it's a question of character and the question all america wants answered is a devastating one. Just who is this guy? Joining me now is joan walsh, editor at large from salon.Com and msnbc political analyst. She's writing about mr. Romney's performance at last night's debate today and david corn for mother jones, also an nbc political analyst. Thank you both for being here tonight. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Sure thing. 
>> David, maybe you can help me out. Just who is the real mitt romney? 
>> Well, how much time do we have? I think this was early halloween. It looks like he was hip ma advertised beforehand. It's like he's on the titanic and women, children, and convictions go first. It was quite stellar to watch this and sitting there with a lot of other people from msnbc, we kept waiting for him to say anything, anything that had a tether, a line to what he had said previously and there was nothing. But this is a guy who said, you know, we don't want any more iraq and afghanistans and he's supporting those stands. I love bob schieffer but I wish the president or him would have said, wait a minute, you supported the war on iraq. Are you saying that you made a mistake supporting that? There were so many opening. He turned into a bowl of jelly, quite purposefully, so nobody coulrt of hang on to him. 

[00:22:05]


>> Joan, when you look at him talking about his strategy for the middle east, take a listen to this. 
>> The key that we're going to have to pursue is a pathway to get the muslim world to reject extremism on their own. 
>> So his plans for the muslim world is to fight extremism on it is own. He doesn't want another iraq. But listen to what romney has said about the withdrawal of troops over the last year. 
>> It is my view that the withdrawal of all of our troops from iraq by the end of this year is an enormous mistake and a failing by the obama administration. The precipitous withdrawal is unfortunate. It's more that unfortunate. I think it's tragic. The president's failure to secure and maintain 10 to 30,000 troops in iraq has to be one of his signature failures. Undermined by the abrupt withdrawal of our entire troop presence. 
>> Now, I'm playing this because I want people to hear what he's saying. That is the complete opposite. And that is not just about he said this and now he's saying that. It's about character. How could someone be so adamantly in one position and be just as adamant last night in the complete opposite position? We're not talking about an evolution here. 
>> Right. 
>> We're talking about a total reincar nated view. 
>> Right. I found it really chilling, reverend al, I did. Because we're used to him flip-flopping on abortion, on all sorts of domestic issues. But on the issue of how he's going to approach our military might in the world, to see him looking sweaty and invasive, not knowing really what he believes at all, I found it really scary. I wrote today that the man has no soul. To be able to flip-flop like that, this is a guy who got the bush neocon team. Donald rumsfeld loves him but he's pretending that he is now a man of peace and we can't fight and kill our way out of these conflicts? Who is the real mitt romney is the real question and I would like to see reporters stay on this story. One of the things that bugged me really strongly today and here we are we've got your show, thank god, but I feel like reporters are acting as though, be he made a really smart move to pivot to the center because we're all war weary now. But wait a minute. That's a terrible thing to do. It doesn't matter whether it's a smart move. It's a cynical, horrible move and we really need to know what does this man believe about foreign policy. 

[00:24:49]


>> Join is speaking to what I'm trying to say, david, because it's not even just the politics of it. It's how do you put the lives of our young men and women in the military in the hands of someone that you can't trust their character. That you don't know what they are going to say, what they are going to believe. This is a very deep -- this is beyond partisan now. Here's somebody that clearly appears to be able to say and strongly advocate anything, even if it's completely opposite to what he has adamantly advocated just a couple of days before. This is unbelievable to do to our country. 
>> You know, I was talking to some other reporters about this today as we were flying out of ft. Lauderdale. It's not just a pivot to the center. It's like he's veering. He's running off the road and trying to make a u-turn while moving at 60 miles an hour and people are saying, maybe this might work. You're right, it gets to conviction. And if you go backthat old 47% video, there was a lot of foreign policy on it, too, that kind of got overwhelmed by the 47% remark. In that instance, he's out there describing that he doesn't believe in the middle east peace process, he's very hawkish, he doesn't believe in a two-state solution and publicly he tells israeli newspapers, I believe in the two-state solution and his ability to have no guilt paths and say one thing to another and should make people wonder. 
>> It's scary. Thank you for your time now. I've got to leave it there now, joan walsh, david corn, thanks for your time. 
>>> Coming! Up, this whole election may come down to owe ohio and in ohio it will be all about the ground game. I'll talk live with afl-cio president richard trunker who is in the thick of the fight there. Paul ryan washing pots. He's trying to make us forget it. SORRY CONGRESSMAN, WE REMEMBER.o5u??w?? be future. How they'll live tomorrow. For more than 116 years, ameriprise financial has worked for their clits' futures. Helping millions of americans retire on their terms. When they want. Where they want. Doing what they want. Ameriprise. The strength of a leader in retirement planning. The heart of 10,000 advisors working with you one-to-one. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? a together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 

[00:30:46]


[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.c 
>>> Governor romney is trying to etch-a-sketch his record and now ning mates are trying to do the same thing. We heard that ryan is giving a speech on upward mobility and cleveland. We heard this was after visiting an empty soup kitchen in ohio. He showed up too late to do actual work so ryan ended up washing a few dishes that volueers left for him. This phony photo op won't make us forget ryan's real record of contempt for the poor. Two-thirds of the country and its budget comes from programs like medicaid, food stamps, and pell grants. Ryan's budget gives millionaires big tax cut. The truth is, paul ryan has a maker versus taker view of the world. Just like his running mate. 
>> You don't want to turn this safety net into a hammock that allows able-bodied people. 30% don't believe in the american dream. 30%. This is offensive. This is the same as government help are lazy. 
>> We can become a society of makers and takers. And they believe in the american idea. Only 30% want the welfare state. 
>> We're going to be watching this speech tomorrow for mr. Ryan very, very closely. But in the meantime, did congressman ryan really think we'd let a little speech and a little photo op wipe his record clean? Nice try. But we got you. ?????? ?????? your curves. Smooth, rich, never bitter, gevalia. ] steve. He loves risk. But whether he's climbing everest, scuba diving the great barrier reef with sharks, or jumping into the market, he goes with people he trusts, which is why he trades with a company that doesn't nickel and dime him with hidden fees. So he can worry about other things, like what the market is doing and being ready, no matter what happens, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense, from td ameritrade. gas meltaways, or treat gas with these after you get it. Now that's like sunblock before or sun burn cream later. Oh, somebody out there's saying, now I get it! Take beano before there'll be no gas. uses boost for her whites. Now, up until a week ago she used chlorine bleach. Yeah, because before it was salt, lemon, milk. Well actually... That part's true. 

[00:36:01]


>>> Governor romney had a bad case of romnesia last night. It really hit him during the exchange of the auto bailout. When he said he would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry and would not liquidate the industry. It was like he completely forgot telling the whole industry to go bankrupt. The president says he was air brushing history. Why? Because the auto bailout impacted hundreds of thousands of jobs in a state romney desperately needs to win. Ohio. Without ohio, it will b extremely difficult for him to win. But here's the thing. What he said was ful of holes and today in ohio, the president drove an american-made mack truck through the romney magnet. 
>> Last night mitt romney looked you in the eye, be me in the eye, tried to pretend never let detroit go bankrupt, pretended like somehow I have taken his advice. The people don't forget. The people in dayton don't forget. The people of ohio don't forget. If mitt romney had been president when the auto industry was on the verge of collapse, we might not have an american auto industry today. I refuse to walk away from those workers. I bet on those workers. I refuse to walk away from those jobs. I understood that americans can compete. I wasn't about to let detroit go bankrupt or toledo go bankrupt. I bet on american workers. I bet on american manufacturing. I will do it again because it's paid off for ohio and america in a big way. 
>> It has paid off in a big way but it's no thanks to governor romney. Joining us is richard trunker, president of afl-cio and chris, chairman of the democratic party. Thanks to you both for joining us tonight. 

[00:38:10]


>> Thanks, al. 
>> Richard, let me start with you. How hard is your membership working to win ohio and what's your sense of where things starnd right now? 
>> We're working very, very, very hard because had romney been president when we needed his help, it would have been a disaster in ohio. One out of every eight jobs centers around the auto industry and had he been there we would have lost all of those jobs and a whole lot more. We're working very, very hard and I feel great. The momentum is picking up, the number of people showing up for door knos is increasing. The number of people showing up at our phone banks is increasing. The number of people out leafleting in the neighborhoods are increasing and I think they are going to reject his hypocrisy -- romney's hypocrisy and they are going to elect the man who stood with them when they needed it and elect president obama for a second term. 
>> Chris, what do you sense on the ground? 
>> I can tell you right here in cleveland, one of ohio's cities, there's tens and thousands of jobs that are directly tied to the automobile industry right here in cleveland. The president mentioned two towns right here in ohio. Toledo and lordstown. 80 other counties out of the 88 have some part of the american automobile industry that provide good, honest jobs for ohioans. Those four words let ohio -- let detroit go bankrupt. Those four words will haunt mitt romney for the remaining days and great states like ohio matter. It's not just my opinion. It's not great labor leaders like richard trumka's opinion. If detroit went bankrupt, ford would have been next. If general motors and chrysler left, honda would have been next. It's the matter of saving the american automobile industry. Barack obama put it first, mitt romney, well, up until last night we knew. 

[00:40:28]


>> That's my point, richard. He's evolved from the days of telling detroit to go bankrupt. 
>> If general motors gets the you can kiss the automotive industry good-bye. 
>> Whether by president bush or president obama, it was the wrong way to go. 
>> I pushed the idea of a managed bankruptcy and finally when that was done and help was given, the companies got back on their feet. I will take a lot of credit for the fact that this industry has come back. 
>> I like american cars and i would do nothing to hurt the auto industry. 
>> It's an amazing -- I've never seen anything like that, the complete opposite. But what he means. 
>> He hasn't evolved. He's a camellion. He will say anything to get a vote. That's why you don't know who is in front of you. The american people are not going to be fooled by it. Ne know barack obama will stand up for workers, create and help us with health care. We don't know what he'll do. He'll do. 
>> Chris, the majority of ohio counties voted republican but the president was able to take the state by holding key cities. He won 51% -- over 51% of the vote of ohioans. Will president obama win ohio this time? >>Well, we think heill s we think he will not because he's a great democrat but because he's a great american. Is he right on the issues that matter most in ohio and across the midwest. If you think about this, al, 82 of 88 counties in ohio are directly tied to the american auto industry. A supplier, a plant, a business that provides for that important industry. Mitt romney said, let detroit go bankrupt. And then he said this, it's a very important point. Get rid of eriess costs. You know what that means, al? That means pensions, retirement programs. These are the things that mitt romney sees as excess costs. 

[00:43:21]


>> Richard, let me ask you this. 
>> Along with social security, medicare, medicaid, he'd do away with those as well. 
>> Richard, let me ask you this. You're on the road a lot. I'm all over the country. How are you sensing the prospects for turnout? There are long lines where there is already early voting. I'm sensing something on the ground. What are you sensing as you move all over the country and lead millions of members of afl-cio? 
>> We've seen a great turnout in early voting. We have people out every day trying to get them to the polls. We see that. We see a growing sense of urgency and excitement among the people on the ground, whether it's in pennsylvania, ohio, wisconsin, nevada, we're a raft of other states, more people are getting excited and they are working to get out to vote. I think you're going to see a good vote because I think people know that you've got a very clear choice here, a choits between an economy that works for every one of us or a throw back to the past and failed policies that brought us the 1%. 
>> Richard trumka and chris, thank you for your time tonight. 
>> Thanks, al. 
>>> The gop operative was fired from the rnc for voter fraud. So why is he still working for the republicans? And incredible story is unfolding. We'll talk to the man who knows the operative, the former chairman of the florida republican party. Jack, boring. Boring. Boring. 
[ Jack ] AFTER LAUREN BROKE UP WITH ME, I went to the citi private pass page and decided to be...Not boring. That's how I met marilyn... Giada... Really good. Yes! 
[ Jack ] ...AND ALICIA. ?????? This girl is on fire ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] USE ANY CITI???? CARD To get the benefits of private pass. More concerts. More events. More experiences. 
[ Jack ] HEY, WHO'S BORING NOW? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET MORE ACCESS WITH A Citi card. 
[ crowd cheering, mouse clicks ] ] 
[ Female Announcer ] SOME People like to pretend a flood could never happen to them. And that their homeowners insurance protects them. 

[00:45:30]


[ Thunder crashes ] it doesn't. Stop pretending. Only flood insurance covers floods. ??? ??? visit floodsmart.Gov/pretend to learn your risk. running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, WE'RE TEAMING UP WITH COMPANIES LIKE Cisco To help make sure everyone's ready with the know how we need for a new tomorrow. 
[ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. ?????? ?????? 
>>> folks, debate season is over and the comedians will be sad to see mitt romney go. 
>> I'm going to stop things like pbs, big bird, and I actually like you, too. But I'm not going to keep spending money to borrow money from china to pay for it. 
>> And I really think romney is serious about this. Check out this video. 
>> Mitt romney said that even though he likes big bird, if elected, he would stop the subsidy to pbs considering mitt is such an excellent muppet name. 
>> I went to a number of women groups and said, can you help us find folks and they brought us whole binders full of women. 
>> Binder of women, book of broads. 
>> Our navy is smaller nowhan any time since 1917. 

[00:47:30]


>> You mentioned the navy, for example, and he that we had fewer ships than 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. 
>> Whereupon john kerry tweeted that the president sunk mitt romney's battleship. 
>> Sunken battleships, binders full of women, big bird, what a long, strange trip. 

[00:50:00]


>>> A republican political operative accused of voter fraud in florida and several other states. Nathan is being investigated for phony signatures, fake addresses, and even dead people registered as republicans. All this wearns sproul more than $600,000 last night in payments from the republican national committee and the virginia state gop. Republicans say they fired him, cut all ties with him, but the l.A. Times recently reported that sproul's new company is hiring workers for voter canvassing operation this fall in as many as 30 states. He's paying $15 per hour seeking the higher grassroots canvases to identify conservative voters. How is this disgraced operative ti still at work in this election? Who's paying him? What is his relationship to officials in the republican party? Democrats in congress have repeatedly sent letters to the rnc demanding answers but so far they refuse to come answer about their ties to nathan sproul. Just one question. With all of the voter fraud, where are they on this? 
>> Joining me now, thanks for coming back on this show. 
>> Great to be here, al. 
>> Jim, the republican national committee says it has severed ties with this man do you believe they have really done that? 
>> No. Because he's good at what he does and they accomplished the goal of getting out to register people. There are a few bad apples in their organization, we have to take that. In 2008 when they had the issue with a.C.O.R.N., The republican party said we have to indite people, we have to put people in prison. There was this big uproar from the gop but you don't really hear that anymore right now with this situation. You can't hear a peep about people going to jail, we need to indite people. 

[00:52:11]


>> Where is the outrage? You're right. I do remember that with a.C.O.R.N. But where is this outrage and where is this outrage when it comes to sproul or anybody? 
>> Sproul is one of these people that is intertwined in the national republican party and works with state republican parties, has been doing it for years, has made millions of dollars. They are not about to jettison him. They are just going to use him in another way, funnel money through another avenue. In florida and many other states -- 
>> funnel money? What do you mean by funnel money? 
>> In florida and other republican-legislative led states they've created all of these mechanisms, campaign committees, the victory fund, the state victory fund, national victory fund from the rnc. From my experience I know that there are many ways that people can get paid and it will take you a long time to find out how they are getting paid if you are looking for it. 
>> Now, let me show this because he's under criminal investigation now on voter fraud. His consulting firm though profitable over the years from gop dollars, just as you said. Since 2003, he and his firm have been paid $21.2 million by the rnc candidates and super pacs. This year he and his firm were paid $3.1 million. Last year he and his firms were paid $72 thourk by the romney campaign to do some field consulting. I mean, this is a lot of money, a lot of connections at the top levels here for a guy that is under this kind of continual questions and criminal investigation from a party who was so concerned about voter fraud. 

[00:54:14]


>> Yes. When they were throwing all of these rocks about voter fraud, the rocks came back to break their own glass house. The voter fraud issues as I've said before is simply a marketing tool but in this case there may be some voter fraud and the evidence suggests it's being done by people who work for the republican party or affiliated with the republican party. This gentleman strategic allied consulting, he's been working with the party under this company name and other company name for years. They are not going to get rid of him. They are going to find another way to pay him so that the reports don't necessarily show up right away. He's good at what he does. You know, this other gentleman working for him, I think collin small that they caught last week discarding voter registration forms, you know, he better look out because he's going to become the fall guy. He needs to talk about what he was educated in and he told him to do what. 
>> We're going to stay on this on sproul and on the republicans. Jim greer, thank you for your time tonight. We'll be right back. 
>> Thank you. Begin. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. Wahlalalalallala! Smooth, but crisp. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, woooooh! 
[ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Coulde had a v8. you s ay men drivers? Yeah. Then how'd I get this... 
[ voice of Dennis ] ...SAFE DRIVING BONUS Check? Every six months without an accident, Allstate SENDS A CHECK. Ok. 

[00:56:19]


[ voice of Dennis ] SILENCE. Are you in good hands? next? He's go apy testosterone to his underarm. AXIRON, the only underarm treatment for low T, can restore testosterone levels back to normal in most men. AXIRON is not for use in women or anyone younger than 18. AXIRON can transfer to others through direct contact. Women, especially those who are or who may become pregnant, and children should avoid contact where AXIRON is applied as unexpected signs of puberty in children or changes in body hair or increased acne in women may occur. Report these signs and symptoms to your doctor if they occur. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions and medications. Do not use if you have prostate or breast cancer. Serious side effects could include increased risk of prostate cancer; worsening prostate symptoms; decreased sperm count; ankle, feet, or body swelling; enlarged or painful breasts; problems breathingle sleeping; and blood clots in the legs. Common side effects include skin redness or irritation where applied, increased red blood cell count, headache, diarrhea, vomiting, and increase in PSA. See your doctor, and for a 30-day free trial, go to Axiron.com. 

[00:58:32]


>>> In debates you learn about how candidates act under pressure. What did we learn about governor romney? He brought his own brand of secrecy, everything from his tax returns to his tax plan to a whole new level. Three presidential debates later, we are know wiser. 
>> One way of doing that is to say everybody gets to pick a number. 25,000 in credits. 
>> Pick a number, any number. His whole campaign had to correct him, twice. 
>> I don't think the bureaucrats in washington will tell tm if they can use contraceptives or not. 
>> He even confused the affordable care act which he will repeal on day one for his own. 
>> Number one, pre-existing conditions are covered under my plan. Number two, young people are able to stay on their family plan. 
>> In three debates we learned one thing for certain, governor romney doesn't mean what he says. And that should concern any voter. Thanks for watching. I'm al sharpton. "Hardball" starts right now. 

﻿Title: Primer Impacto Extra
Description: Noticias, far??ndula y eventos inusuales.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 3/24/2007
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================


[00:05:39]


! Que tal, les saluda enrique 

[00:26:49]


acevedoobama y romney se juegan la presidencia en su ultimo debate.Con un duro castigo, termina la leyenda de lance armstrong.Y disney presenta a su primera princesa hispana.El presidente obama y su rival mitt romney podrian haberse jugado la presidencia en su ultimo debate, cuando las encuestas los daban virtualmente empatados.La leyenda del ciclista lance armstrong cayo estrepitosament e.Le quitaron los siete titulos del tour de francia y lo vetaron del ciclismo profesional.Y la empresa diey anuncio el lanzamiento de una pelicula y una serie de television que tendra por primera vez una princesa de origen latino.La primera informacion en despierta america 

[00:34:42]


con todo, se puede. . >> Vamos con las noticias . >> Cada vez que opina esta 

﻿Title: Primer Impacto
Description: Noticias, far??ndula y eventos inusuales.
Channel: 402 - UNI
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 2/14/1994
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

No se pueden enfermar. 
>> La bestia ti??e de sangre las v??as del tren. 
>> En tela de juicio un oficial que jalo de los pelos a una mujer. 
>> Aseguran que una popular bebida energizante ha causado muertes. 
>> Enrique iglesias se muestra desnudo en un video musical. 
>> Esto y m??s, ahora mismo en "primer impacto". 
>> "Hola hollywood", t?? fuente de hola ??qu?? tal? Bienvenidos a "primer impacto". 
>> Comenzaoms con la dolorosa despedida de christian aguilar, el joven asesinado por su mejor amigo, natalia cruz. 
>> L??grimas y mucha nostalgia desde que era reci??n nacido, familiares y amigos, y hasta gente que no conoc??a, llegaron hasta aqu?? para darle el ??ltimo adi??s. 
>> La comunidad recibi?? a la familia de christian aguilar. 
>> La familia incluyendo t??as que viajaron desde colombia no permitieron c??maras de prensa. 
>> Mi familia fue lo m??s emotivo, de todos lados, de colombia, de varias ciudades. 
>> El abuelo de christian fue el encargado de aliviar a los familiares. 

[00:02:05]


>> Nosotros no somos jueces, solo actores en la tierra. 
>> Y de gente que estaba solidarizando tambi??n estaban ac??. 
>> Siempre rece para que ellos pudieran conseguir a su hijo. 
>> En el servicio f??nebre la familia dijo la odisea no para aqu??. 
>> Es todo de mi parte, soy natalia cruz, regresamos a los estudios. 
>> Ojala se haga justicia, autoridades de nueva jersey confirmaron que otra menor de 12 a??os de edad, fue hallada sin vida en un contenedor de reciclaje, la polic??a acaba de anunciar que dos hermanos adolescentes de 15 y 17 a??os enfrentan cargos por eso. 
>> Una ni??a hispana de 10 a??itos y con s??ndrome de down se escap?? de la escuela y su cad??ver fue hallado cerca, nadie se percat?? de su ausencia y su familia est?? destrozada. 

[00:04:21]


>> Vamos ahora a nueva york con esta noticia. 
>> Estas mujeres protestan pues no se pueden enfermar, no les permiten. 
>> La mexicana de 35 a??os relata que hace 4 meses la despidieron del restaurante por ir muchas veces al ba??o. 
>> Me tomaba el tiempo. 
>> Le dije, que estaba enferma. 
>> Si te quieres ir, la puerta est?? muy grande, pero no tienes m??s trabajo. 
>> Hay m??s de un mill??n de trabajadores que sufri?? roc??o. 
>> Por eso ella lucha para no permitir esto. 
>> Somos negocios peque??os, no somos industrias grandes. 
>> Los proponentes de la ley insisten que tambi??n debe exigir a los empleadores el pago en caso de enfermedad. 
>> De ser aprobada, esta ley tendr??a un costo de800 millones de d??lares para los comerciantes. 
>> Gracias y en otras informaciones, una adolescente dijo que intent?? matar a su padre y hermanos d??ndole veneno para ratas, esto fue en per??. 

[00:06:22]


>> Con sed de venganza, unos pobladores de per??, apedrearon un carro luego de que este chocar con otro veh??culo, el hombre viajaba en exceso de ebriedad. 
>> Los agentes del orden corrieron para evitar que ella entrada a su hogar, su esposo tambi??n luch?? por retenerla, pero preso de los nervios, ella intent?? golpear al oficial, y ahora la familia ha contratado a un abogado. 
>> El agente fue hallado culpable por abuso de poder y ha sido retirado de su cargo. 
>> Un auto en llamas luego de que esta camioneta se incendio, cabe mencionar que los socorristas encontraron al conductor consciente. 
>> Durante varias horas los equipos de emergencia trabajaron sin descanso en un choque en california, m??s de 9 camiones se estrellaron uno contra otro, se cree que la lluvia tuvo la culpa. 

[00:08:34]


>> Salen a la luz las im??genes de una patrulla que muestran una persecuci??n policial. 
>> Un carro choc?? contra el auto de unos j??venes, y acabaron con la vida de un pasajero, ellas salieron como si nada ocurri??. 
>> Dos delincuentes destrozaron la fachada de una tienda en michigan, arrasaron con decenas de cajas de cigarrillos y bebidas alcoh??licas. 
>> Un hispano en nuevo m??xico se resisti?? a dejar escapar a otro hombre, logr?? someterlo a la fuerza y permaneci?? sentado sobre el bandido, el delincuente agradeci?? esto. 
>> Una balacera cobr?? la vida, y durante un operativo contra la delincuencia e intentan inspeccionar la residencia, se desconoce si se trata de una casa abatida. 
>> En monterrey, sujetos armados, se dieron a la fuga luego de este asato. 

[00:10:53]


>> Tres sospechosos vinculados al asesinato del ijo de humberto moreno, uno de los detenidos era el jefe de los poli "zetas". 
>> Seis presuntos delincuentes, entre ellos 5 polic??as fueron detenidos, pues ten??an una red de distribuci??n de drogas. 
>> Por lo que se prosiguio a un operativo. 
>> S??ganos en las redes sociales, en twitter y facebook, tambi??n por supuesto en www.Primerimpacto.Com. 
>> Esta noticia va para los padres, acusan a una bebida energizante, de ser la responsable de 5 muertes, ac?? le comentaremos qu?? est?? pasando. 
>> Retiran miles de libras de carne por estar contaminada, m??s al regresar. . 

[00:15:40]


>> El laboratorio vinculado al brote de meningitis en el pa??s, vendi?? a m??s de 200 hospitales y cl??nicas sus medicamentos, se ha puesto en la web una lista de drogas y medicamentos. 
>> Miles de libras de carnes est??n siendo retirad del mercado pues posiblemente est??n contaminadas con una bacterian, vienen desde utha, empaquetadas en paquetes de 10 y 12 libras, son del 18 y 19 de octubre. 
>> Fueron facturadas el 17 de octubre. 
>> Como nos dice cecilia ram??rez m??s le vale pasar el mal un ratito que por tener m??s consecuencias. 
>> Muchos hombres prefieren tener el c??ncer antes que ser impotente pues en muy raros casos se pueden salvar los nervios que aportan a la erecci??n. 

[00:17:54]


>> Estuve impotente un tiempo, me opere pero se fue el c??ncer y se fue la impotencia. 
>> Ahora tengo la virilidad de un hombre de 25 a??os. 
>> El examen que hay que hacerse, ??por qu?? doctor se asustan los hombres?. 
>> Es que la educaci??n hoy en d??a es buena, el hombre sabe que la segunda causa de muerte, es la pr??stata. 
>> Para diagnosticarlo es un examen f??sico, y un examen de sangre que los hombres no gustan hacerlo. 
>> Ya la incontinencia no es un problema y tambi??n es m??s suave que antes la radiaci??n. 
>> Si este pacietne, no se hubiera hecho el examen hace 11 a??os ??estar??a vivo?. >>O, pues hubiera tenido met??stasis a los ganglios y hu. 
>> El c??ncer de pr??stata es una enfermedad familiar, que afecta a la esposa y a los hijos. 
>> Es importante asistir, ya lo saben, asistan al hospital. 

[00:20:10]


>> El gobierno ha decidido abrir una investigaci??n y vamos con esa noticia. 
>> Dice que le da la energ??a para mantener su ritmo de vida y a diario toma una lata de esa bebida, tiene tres veces m??s de la cafe??na que hay en una tasa de caf??. 
>> Pero esta bebida mantiene una demanda que la puso una madre de una joven muerta por tomar esta bebida, adem??s de la demanda, la administraci??n de drogas y alimentos, investiga la muerte de 5 personas m??s. 
>> La administraci??n no lo considera como una droga, pero esto puede ser peligroso. 
>> A m?? no me perjudica en nada, lo consumo mucho y no me hace mal efectos. 
>> Pedimos a la compa????a la respuesta a esta demanda, pero a??n no ha respondido a la llamada. 

[00:22:13]


>> Padres, muy pendientes. 
>> Hay una investigaci??n abierta y el objetivo es mostrarle, muchos padres est??n preocupados, sobre el consumo de la bebida energ??tica. 
>> Les mantendremos informados de esto. 
>> Tambi??n enrique iglesias se desnuda en un video musical. 
>> Tambi??n diana mendoza se suma a una campa??a para salvar vidas. 
>> Me encuentro en la ciudad de miami, est?? ac?? carlos vives, luego vuelvo con eso. . 

[00:25:50]


>> Lleg?? el momento de saber las novedades en el mundo de la far??ndula. 
>> Vicente fern??ndez se someti?? a un examen, una biopsia para revisarse un bolita que encontraron en su h??gado. 
> ??l tuvo c??ncer en la pr??stata y remplazo el tequila por una bebida hidratante para no da??ar su h??gado. 
>> Lleg?? a m??xico el cantautor espinoza paz y dijo que su decisi??n para retirarse, no es un truco publicitario. 
>> Estoy mal, yo en mi persona. 
>> No estoy deprimido, solo s?? que estoy triste. 
>> Desnudo aparece en su video musical el cantante enrique iglesias, ac?? va una probadita. 
>> Todo ocurre en un discoteque. ??????. 
>> No se vio nada. 
>> Pero tienen que buscarlo, dicen que no us?? dobles, y dicen que tuvimos que tapar los gl??teos, pero univisi??n nos pod??a bloquear, mejor b??squenlo en las redes. 

[00:28:00]


>> Bueno, tiene sus cositas, as?? que felicidades con este nuevo tema 
>> tras ocho a??os alejados de los escenarios, carlos vives regresa con su nuevo disco, vamos con los detalles con tony y saludos a este o cantante, adelante. 
>> Gracias chicas, coraz??n profundo se llama el nuevo disco. 
>> Carlos ??est??s aqu???. 
>> Tony, que incre??ble, que coincidencia. 
>> Hablemos del disco. 
>> S??, muy buena canci??n. 
>> ??Por qu?? la pausa?. 
>> Bueno, un poco de pausa pues terminamos los antiguos contratos y hay muchas cosas. El tema le encant?? a shakira. 
>> S??, le idea que lo hab??a mandado hacer, pero t?? sigue con tu historia de amor, es una canci??n que le agradece el apoyo que la mujer siempre tiene. 
>> Tiene video musical que fue firmado en veracruz. 
>> Estoy seguro, pues adem??s queda cerca de cuba, a lo mejor lo conoc??as, soy muy alegre. 
>> Ahora ??qu?? diferente ves con est?? regreso?. 

[00:30:03]


>> S??, est??s m??s elegante. 
>> Es un gusto verte. 
>> Nos quedan 30 segundos. 
>> Nos vemos pronto y gracias a la gente de "primer impacto" y gracias por acordarte de los pobres. 
>> Carlos vives, un buen amigo, continuamos con "primer impacto". 
>> Seg??n la ex miss universo, diana mendoza, tiene una iniciativa que puede salvar nuevas vidas. 
>> Luch?? contra el sida y luego de entregar su corona, ahora est?? promoviendo la prueba casera de detectar el virus del vih. 
>> Correr la voz y decir que proteger a sus seres queridos. 
>> Por eso pide que los que hayan tenido sexo sin cond??n, se sometan a las pruebas. 

[00:32:06]


>> En l familias no se hablan de estos temas, por es la oportunidad de que ustedes est??n ac?? para poder informar. 
>> Tambi??n le preguntamos por su compatriota alicia machado que est?? amenazada. 
>> Mira, yo canto en la ducha, y bailo, pero soy un desastre. 
>> Cuando incistimos, mire lo que dijo. 
>> Lo vamos a pensar. 
>> Ella tambi??n ha hecho lo suyo en televisi??n. 
>> No todos los latinos hemos tenido ese chance. 
>> Ella no quiso hablar sobre la vioria de hugo ch??vez y prefiere usar el tiempo en esta entrevista con su fin de salvar vidas. 
>> Tenemos un gran anuncio, para los noveleros, pues tenemos un adelanto de la nueva novela "amores verdaderos", y f??jense que el gran estreno ser?? el 7 de noviembre, pueden conectarse a www.Uvideos.Com para poder ver 20 minutos de adelanto, es una nueva era para la televisi??n y gracias a este nuevo concepto. 
>> Es una novela con escenas muy candentes. 

[00:34:09]


>> Que bueno, y con un sonido similar a una conversaci??n humana, esta ballena deja a muchos con la boca rta, ent??rese por qu??. 
>> Pas ahora con jackie garrido. 
>> As?? es, una familia hispana le declara la guerra y nosotros fuimos testigos. 
>> Esperamos sus comentarios y "naleo" dice que el voto hispano esta en riesgo.Dos ACCIDENTES MuLTIPLES EN California."Apple" lanza el "iPAD MINI". QUE TAL, LES Saluda maria elena salinas. Aunque se espera que mas hispanos voten en los comicios de noviembre, su nivel de PARTICIPACION SERa MENORQUE Que el de otras comunidades, indica un estudio de "naleo". Nueve camiones estuvieron involucrados en dos accidentes ocurridos por separado en una autopista de california y las autoridades tratan de determinar las causas. "APPLE" PRESENTo HOY EL "iPAD Mini", un dispositivo delgado COMO un LaPiz y con una pantalla de "7 punto 9" pulgadas en diagonal que representa la primera INCURSION DE ESTA COMPAqIA EN El segmento de tabletas mas ,. 

[00:38:48]


>> El pr??ximo dos de noviembre estara a la venta la nueva tableta de apple, el modelo m??s peque??o a partir de este viernes lo podr??n pedir por internet. 
>> Lo que ser?? un fen??meno, ac?? estamos con jackie garrido. 
>> Gracias y de verdad en el men?? del tiempo, con nieves de las monta??as, pero bueno, todo va a cambiar finalizando la semana de trabajo y por aqu?? tenemos actividad de fuertes lluvias, pero california con condiciones estables y tenemos temperaturas bastante fr??as y estamos disfrutando de condiciones estables, a diferencia de la tormenta tropical. 
>> Y una vez tambi??n se han emitodo avisos y alertas para las bahamas, y se espera que este sistema afecte la costa este, y las m??ximas temperaturas en 66 y s?? estamos en pleno oto??o y los angeles en 56??, detroit, chicago y kentucky con actividades de fuertes lluvias, y nos impide disfrutar de las temperaturas. 

[00:41:21]


>> A solo 90 millas de la ciudad de los angeles est?? esta reserva natural. 
>> Venimos para sacar el estr??s de lo cotidiano y e para tener un tiempo con la familia y sin tener distracci??n. 
>> Les encanta, pues a ella le gusta caminar mucho. 
>> Es hermoso, hay varios caminitos, vamos por ac?? y me dice, no escoje t??, hay veces que nos encontramos ardillas y pajaritos. 
>> El servicio forestal administra los bosques y praderas con este proyecto dan a conocer informaci??n a la comunidad hispana. 
>> Buo, esta campa??a hace un esfuerzo para poder rescatar todo lo bueno, y con sus mil quinientos pies de altura inspira a todos, el ??rea estuvo cerrada al p??blico por varios a??os. 

[00:43:21]


>> Hemos estado con programas de voluntarios a plantar ??rboles, y plantamos miles y miles de ??rboles. 
>> Lo importante es mejorar la calidad de vida, agobiada por el exceso de trabajo y la rutina. 
>> Me da por subirme a un ??rbol. 
>> Yo quiero ver eso. 
>> La imaginaci??n se abre sin l??mites. 
>> No hay nada m??s lindo. 
>> Visite la p??gina de www.Primerimpacto.Com. 
>> Paso con ustedes. 
>> Me encanta. 
>> Gracias y en muchas noticias, en el mundo del b??isbol, un equipo celebra que va a la serie mundial, otro se despide de su gente. 
>> As?? es, vamos con mar??a antonieta collins para hablar de la campa??a. 
>> S??, es unas tres peores temporadas. Tenemos las im??genes y la "liga mx" m??s toda la informaci??n para verlos esta noche, veamos. 

[00:45:32]


>> El d??a de hoy los miami marlins anuncian que han despedido al venezolano, y tuvo problemas con la comunidad cubana, y debido a los p??simos resultados de 69 victorias y m??s de 90 derrotas, el equipo lo dej?? ir. 
>> En ticias m??s alegres, los giants dean francisco avanzaron en su serie al ganarle a los cardenales de san luis por 9 a 0 en el s??ptimo y ??ltimo partido de la serie nacional. 
>> Aqu?? le tenemos las reacciones de los protagonistas. 
>> Es muy emocionante para todos nosotros. 
>> Es un orgullo que me da ponerme este uniforme. 
>> Monterrey busca extender su racha perfecta y este partido lo pueden tener por galavisi??n. 
>> Tambi??n ma??ana tenemos acci??n, semifinales de la "liga mx". 
>> Seguido por el encuentro entre crrecaminos. 
>> El mexicanos carlos de los cobos se defiende por las acusaciones que hizo g??mez que lo denuncio pues qued?? molesto al perder su titularidad. 

[00:47:45]


>> No se pierda m??s de la "liga mx" en nuestro portal, yo ya tengo mi equipo, me voy con los giants. 
>> Gracias y que tengas un lindo martes, escuche usted. 
>> Adelante director. 
(Sonido de ballena). 
>> Lo que acaban de escuchar, es una ballena que logra imitar la voz humana, un equipo anuncio este hallazgo luego de que se trata de una persona dando instrucciones bajo el agua. 
>> Es otro mundo, y la siguiente historia es una que va a impactar, pues (nombre en ingl??s) renuncia como reportero por no estar de acuerdo con el papel de los medios de comunicaci??n en la era moderna. 
>> Son 70 a??os, bueno, vamos a encuestas dicen que obama le gano el debate a mitt romney. Decenas de miles de electores hispanos no podran votar..La primera tormenta de nieve del otoqo azota a california.Y presentan al ipad mini.Buenas tardes, les habla maria elena salinas.El presidente obama GANo EL DEBATE DE ANOCHE A SU Rival republicano mitt romney, SEGuN ENCUESTAS.TENDREMOS LAS Reacciones que provoco el debate.Naleo advierte que unos "219-mil" electores hispanos no podran votar en las elecciones de noviembre 6 debido a las restricciones impuesta contra el derecho al voto.La nieve blanqueo la sierra nevada y la lluvia empapo el valle de sacramento, en la primera tormenta de nieve del otoqo.Y apple presento el ipad mini, su primera incursion en el segmento de las tabletas mas pequeqas y mas baratas, para enfrentarse a la competencia, que le lleva la delantera en esa rama.Mas en noticiero . 

[00:53:29]


>> Una vez m??s el sue??o americano se convirti?? en pesadilla para un hispano que intentaba llegar a california, vamos con los detalles. 
>> Para este guatemalteco su vida dio un vuelvo de 180??, se subi?? al tren que lo llevar??a al norte, pero cay?? sobre las v??as y el tren le cort?? las piernas. 
>> Me jalo de los pies y me cort?? las piernas. 
>> Los paremedicos lo llevaron de inmediato al hospital de guadalajara. 
>> En la pierna derecha con dos cent??metros m??s arriba de la rodilla y en la izquierda m??s pegado a la cadera. 
>> La infecci??n est?? en fase de controlarse, pero no completamente controlada. 
>> El riesgo de que tenga una infecci??n generalizada de su cuerpo. 
>> El est?? casi inm??vil esperando mejores noticias de su salud. 
>> En el lado derecho hay infecci??n y eso por la gran contaminaci??n que sufri?? al ser arrollado. 
>> Adem??s de su delicado estado de salud, los m??dicos se preocupan de su estado emocional. 

[00:55:37]


>> El coordinador del servicio de psiquiatr??a dice que el joven a??n no asimila lo pasado. 
>> El luego se dar?? cuenta como va a modificar su vida, ??l aparentemente lo acepta, la experiencia nos dice que la situaci??n es muy diferente. 
>> Por cuestiones econ??micas, nadie puede viajar de su familia para verlo. 
>> Mi esposa se ven??a, pero le ped?? que se regresara pues no tra??a plata. 
>> Ahora hace un llamado a los cientos de migrantes que arriesgan su vida. 
>> Esto no es un sue??o, hay muchos riesgos, que te pueden costar la vida, ac?? no pas?? eso, pero perd?? las piernas. 
>> Piden un milagro, dios me dej?? con vida y eso cuenta mucho para m??, que me puede escuchar en momentos de mi agon??a. 
>> El joven si logra vencer las infecciones, deber?? someterse a m??s cirug??as e implantes. 
>> Y para nuestro final de impacto, una mujer de texas asegura que est?? viva gracias a sus cartera, le dispararon varias veces, pero su bolso impidi?? la bala que iba dirigida al pecho. 

[00:57:58]


>> As?? llegamos al final, nos vemos ma??ana, gracias por acompa??arnos, bye bye. Esta tarde en la casa de la risa. >>Mi vieja las tiene de vecindad, >>de vecindad >>si, as?? todas pa dentros. >>Y por qu?? corres de aqu?? para all?? como chiva loca >>es que estoy aprendiendo a leer de corrido. ??????. >>Mi vieja las tiene de kun fu >>de kun fu >>si, se las confunde con la espalda >>las tiene de mariposa monarcas >>y eso. >>En peligro de extincion. ??????. >>La casa de la risa ,a continuacion. ??????. 
(Aplausos) ??????. 

﻿Title: Raising Hope - If a Ham Falls in the Woods
Description: When Jimmy and Sabrina go on a marriage retreat, Virginia and Burt and Tamara and her lover tag along; Barney baby-sits Maw Maw.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 8:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

than eat a pizza with a whole wheat crust. Hello, Chances. I know it took me several weeks, but I finally got through Sabrina's grandmother's will. Who's the kid? Oh, this is Kevin. I lost a key piece of eviden in his father's murder trial, so he'll be staying with me for the next five to seven years. So what did you find in the will? Did I get anything else? Well, there were giant sections of legalese that I hestly couldn't get through. But according to Kevin, I've got to give Jimmy a simple dental exam. Why? She wanted to make sure her descendants had good chompers. Kevin, my tools. I need to count your teeth. Settling an argument again, huh? You know, some families make decisions by flipping coins. And some people wash their hands after they fill up their car at the gas station. (sniffs) So we both have things to work on. I'm sorry, wait, what's the deal? Did we get the house or...? Yep. She's all yours. Oh. My associate has just reminded me, you only get your grandmother's house if you get married in the family church. Nice work, Kevin. What? Now she's dictating where we get married? I'm sorry, is there anything in there about how we have to consummate our marriage or...? Kevin says there isn't. And what does "consummate" mean? I got this. Jimmy, go to the kitchen, get me a banana and a donut. Take a seat, Kevin. Kick your feet up. This is gonna blow your mind. Whoo! 
??? Here we go    Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!   

[00:02:00]


 ??????
Loved the sermon. That Jesus was one hell of a guy. sh I was the son of God. Do you know how manyls I could clean if I could walk on water? You don't think you'd just be constantly turning those pools into giant cement boxes of wine? Yeah, that could be a problem. Guys, there's Reverend Bob. Okay, when he's done talking to those people, let's just go over there, huh? Sabrina! Sabrina! Oh, good, it is you! You know, I saw a mousy girl with limp hair and I just took a gamble. There's somebody that I want you to meet. I think he's my soul mate. He is signing autographs. He's a minor league baseball player. You're dating "Rocket" Ricardo Montes? He's the greatest thing to happen to the Natesville Radishes since they put that kangaroo in left field. Well, I'll introduce you. But don't mention the kangaroo. He dropped a fly ball and cost Ricardo a no-hitter. No, thanks. I get too nervous around celebrities. I met Scotch Wilkinson, the Channel Five weatherman, at a gas station one time. I got so tongue-tied, all I could yell was, "Weather!" Ricardo, I would like you to meet, but not judge me by, my daughter Sabrina, her fianc?? Jimmy, his child with a serial killer and his poor parents. Uh... uh... (grunting) Baseball! (chuckles) Reverend Bob! Sabrina, I haven't seen you here in years! Well, this is my fianc??, Jimmy. Loved the sermon. I was totally surprised when it turned out to be Jesus carrying him on the beach. Well, that Jesus was not all great abs and nice hair. (chuckles) Congratulations on your engagement. Actually, we were hoping that you would maybe marry us. Oh, I'd be honored. And here's the great news: our church is offering a free weekend retreat for our engaged couples. We eat gourmet food, we stay in deluxe accommodations, we sign a waiver promising not to fornicate. Wow. Sign me up for most of that! Another fun thing we can't do just 'cause we're married. You can't be Miss America, I can't go on The Bachelor. I'm sick of this. Right on, Burt. I say it's time we fight back against this discrimination. 

[00:04:05]


Excuse me, Reverend Bob. I'm Virginia Chance. This is my fianc??. Oh, man, everyone gets to go to a cool couple's camp except us. Tamara Anderson-Collins- Rabinowitz-Yang, will you do me the honor of becoming my wife and making me the happiest relief pitcher in the Single-A Developmental Prospect League? Yes, but can you wait three weeks till my divorce is official? For you, I could wait a month. So, big weekend in the country, huh? Hey, I'm sorry for the short notice. I really appreciate this. Hope's over at Shelley's, but Maw Maw and Shelley aren't on the best of terms right now. You know, they'll be okay after the election. MAW MAW: I don't need anyone to babysit me! I can feed myself, dress myself, and wipe my own... How did that get there? Thanks, Barney. You're a lifesaver. No problem. Have a great time! (chuckles) Huh. Huh. Uh, hi, Mom. Can you put Mom on, too? Hi, Mom. Uh, I'm afraid I'm going to have to miss my birthday brunch tomorrow. Yeah. Apparently, I was dead wrong. Babysitting an old woman was not a ruse to get me over here for my surprise party. Don't get too comfortable. If they're paying you, you're gonna earn it. Put these on. I'll meet you in the bathroom. 

[00:07:26]


boo-yah. No one knows what it means, but it perfectly describes the taste of boldness with a kick. So we believe boo-yah, should really be diet mountain dew-yah! That makes sense. Yeah, it tastes that good. have lg... [ Mom ] WE ALREADY HAVE A TV. Would you like to know more about it? Yeah, but let me put my wife on speaker. Hi! Hi. It's led and it has great picture quality. I don't know... It's ultra slim... Maybe next year. You could always put it on layaway and pay a little at a time. Alright. We'll take it! Ah! I love you! Hmm! Ahem. Football. [ Male Announcer ] SHOP NOW. Get the hottest brands on your list today... Pp like the lg 55 inch led tv. And put it on layaway now so you have more time to pay. Walmart. ] TOubway TO SCORE OCTOBER'S Featured $5 FOOTLONG, THE MANGIALICIOUSRR Meatball Marinara. And how 'bout the $6 footlong special -- THE NEW Tuscan Chicken Melt. Herb seasoned chicken, melty cheese, and balsamic vinaigrette... Subway. Eat Fresh. ("Tequila" by The Champs playing) Both: Tequila! (turns off truck, music stops) 

[00:09:28]


Welcome, couples! This is my lovely wife, Lisa, whom I met in the Philippines. In case you're wondering, she's free to leave anytime she wants. Uh, Lisa, would you give our guests their welcome gifts. Bags to people! Ooh, it's heavy. This might be the Ten Commandments. We got a ham? We, too, got a ham. The mystery thickens. Yep, it's a ham, all right. And T-shirts. That smell like ham. These hams represent your marriages. If you can get through the weekend with your hams unscathed, then you will have the foundations in place for an everlasting partnership. Oh, honey, with my marriage experience and your rock-hard pecs, our ham is gonna crush their ham. (sighs) Mom, this is about strengthening our relationships. This is not a competition. Couples, are you ready for a little competition?! Whoo! (keyboard plays synthesized music) (laughs) Okay, gentlemen, while you were in the isolation bathroom, we asked the ladies a couple of questions and they wrote down what they thought your responses would be. If your spouse could be married to a celebrity, who would they choose? Ricardo? You are correct. "Ricardo Montes!" Burt? Al Pacino. "Al Pacino." It'd be an easy transition. Burt already says "Hoo-hah!" a lot during sex. Hoo-hah! (chuckles) Jimmy? Woody Allen. "Ryan Gosling." If you don't think he's so great, why you make me watch all those boring movies? A meteor is heading to your house. What would your partner say was the one thing you would save? Burt? The world. Jimmy? I don't know. We use the toaster oven a lot. 

[00:11:30]


"Hope." Oh, yeah, that's better. She's right on that one. Burt, how did Virginia say you would complete this sentence? "I..." "Never met a monkey I didn't want to shake hands with!" Oh, come on, they're getting all the easy ones! Whoo! What did your partner say was her favorite food? Burt? Chicken Gordon Blue. "Chicken Gordon Blue." Ricardo? She likes belly button berries. "Anything off Ricardo's stomach." We'll give it to them. Jimmy? She always says when she's really hungry that she could eat a horse. So I'm going with horse. It doesn't say "horse." All right. Now we're gonna send the women off and we're gonna ask the men a few questions. We'll take a quick break. (sighs heavily) Come on. If it's your birthday, we should hop a ride on the old drunk train. First stop, Sloppytown. All aboard! If you think you can handle it. I'm 40 years old, I live by myself, and I manage a grocery store. You don't think I drink? (coughing) You don't drink, do you? A little wine on special occasions. (keyboard plays synthesized music) And we're back. Thank you, Lisa. I clearly asked you to get us a pitcher of water, but the dance was nice. Okay, ladies, what did the men say is your most emrrassing secret? Tamara? I'm not really 32. "She's 33." (giggles) Plus tax and deposit. Virginia? 

[00:13:30]


Lost our sex tape. Bob: "Lost our best sex tape." Sabrina? I'm afraid of spiders crawling in my ears, so sometimes I sleep with a panty-ho on my head. BOB: "Sits backwards on the toilet when she poops." I enjoy reading, and sometimes it's easy to put the book on the... the back of the toi... Okay, you know what, great. Now both these things are out there and we haven't even got one question right. Ladies, what does your man consider to be your cutest habit? Virginia? "Scrunches up her face when she thinks!" Ladies, what did the gentlemen say was the biggest challenge you've overcome in your relationship? Sabrina? I don't know. I give up. We'll give it to you. (keyboard plays synthesized music) Virginia? Got stranded in Cleveland. Bob: "Got stranded in Cleveland." (grunts) Tamara? He hates my church. "Hates her church." No offense, but your choir has no flair. I'm doing the best I can with what I have! Let's look at the final scores. Let's show them what they've won! (keyboard plays synthesized music) Unfortunately, we only have two deluxe cabins. We had three, but the meth-heads got into one and blew it up. This is where the losers have to sleep. Oh, man up! Tomorrow's another day. And I'm hoping y'all do better. In fact, you have to, if you want to get married in our church. If he doesn't marry us, we're gonna lose Nana's house and wind up living in a dump like this. Who cares about the house? I mean, we only got one question right. If we're gonna get married, I just, I want us to be so connected that we finish each other's... Vegetables? Laundry? Popcorn? Take the ham. I'm going to bed. Now you're just throwing our relationship around like a piece of meat?! I just hate to see them arguing like this. 

[00:15:33]


(shouting) They sound as bad as us when we got stranded in Cleveland. You were mad at me. 'Cause you promised to stay awake on the bus so we wouldn't miss our stop in Indianapolis. Wakey Burt makes promises sleepy Burt can't keep. Besides, once we got hoarse from screaming, and you stopped hitting me with your shoe, we calmedown and we figured it out together. It waskind of romantic. All those pretty fountains we stole the coins from till we had enough to bribe the bus driver. He let us stow away in the luggage compartment all the way back to Natesville. The night we joined the Two-Foot-High Club. (Jimmy and Sabrina arguing) You thinking what I'm thinking? We just got 20 out of 20 correct answers in a compatibility game. Of course I'm thinking what you're thinking. Hey, Sabrina? Where'd the buildings go? Huh? I think maybe we moved, Jimmy. All right, don't panic, but I think there's a spider under your panty-ho. What?! Oh, God! Oh, God! (grunting) Is it dead? (panting) Oh, it was just a piece of lint. build aircraft, you want to make sure it goes up and stays UP. [ chirp ] WITH Android APPS, YOU GET BETTER QUALITY Control. So our test flights are less stressful. I've got a lot of paperwork, and time is everything here. THAT'S WHY I UPGRADED TO THE NEW Sprint Direct Connect. [ chirp ] AND THE FASTEST PUSH-TO-TALK NATIONWIDE. [ Male Announcer ] UPGRADE TO THE NEW "DONE." [ chirp ] With access to the fastest push-to-talk, THREE TIMES THE COVERAGE, AND Android PRODUCTIVITY Apps. NOW WHEN YOU BUY ONE MotorolaPP Admiral RUGGED Smartphone, for $49.99,pp you'll get one free. VISIT A Sprint STORE, Or call 855-878-4biz. Go! garden. Go for fresh tossed, fresh baked, and homemade. Dip into new chicken & potato florentine you know you want to. Go lunch on unlimited soup salad, and breadsticks for only $6.95 when you go olive garden. 

[00:17:34]


] back. So is the fall sale at payless. With great styles and varieties of boots for the whole family. The low prices are impressive. The music? They're working on it. It's the fall sale, now at payless. from false. Flood relief for PA? Bob Casey got it done. The middle class payroll tax cut? Bob Casey wrote the original bill. Help for works who lose their jobs to unfair foreign trade? Bob Casey did that too. And the Harley Plant in York? Bob Casey will keep it there. Is Bob Case effective? Tom Smith should ask these guys. I'm Bob Casey and I approve this message. 

[00:20:06]


(sighs) I really think we're supposed to find our way back to camp. Only question is: which way? I think that way. All right, fine. Let's hurry. I think our marriage is leaking. (sighs) Are they back yet? Did they walk in? No, and stop panicking. Your armpit sweat's running under my bra. Okay, everybody, bad news. Jimmy and Sabrina stole the trailer. Wait! Uh... we have a confession to make. You know, I used to think I didn't have any friends because I was fat. Now I've lost the weight, and the only difference in my life is eight cubic yards of extra skin. Don't get me started on extra skin. I'm three years away from being able to tie my ass in a knot. The point is, it's my birthday, and I've never felt lower. Oh. Now would be the perfect time for everyone to jump out and yell "surprise!" You gonna keep doing that every 15 minutes or are we gonna drink? So we towed the trailer about half a mile into the woods so they would have to face a challenge together like we did. I don't mean to frighten anyone, but based on the time my team bus broke down in Death Valley, pretty soon, they will be at the point where they will have to make a choice between starving to death or... eating the batboy. They are not going to starve to death. They have an entire ham! Well, I hope they ditched the ham. Those woods are full of bears. (growling) Jimmy, throw the ham! Throw the ham as far away as you can and get him away from us! (gasps) (growls) I'm sorry! It's a slippery ham! Hams are slippery! Well, that's not gonna last very long. North American bears can eat 40 pounds of meat a day. And since he's gearing up for hibernation, he can eat twice that. You know about bears? 

[00:22:08]


Yeah, my dad and I watch Bear Week every year. Me, too. I did a report on them iddle school. See? We do have stuff in common. So, you realize that that means that bear could climb up this tree very easily. Oh, yeah, second he's done eating our marriage, he's coming after us. For the record, bears are no longer my favorite animal. (growling) Well, I tried to call the forest rangers, but our telephone has been disconnected. It seems that a certain Miss Chatty-Chat cannot seem to get off the phone to her mother in Manila. (Filipino accent): "It's raining, it's raining, it's raining." (normal voice): We get it! Do you have a gun? I got a tranquilizer gun. Then I shall use your sleep-inducing gun and I will save their life. Or at the very least, return with the horribly mangled remains of your daughter, so you can have some closure, my love. Wow. You know, not many men can make the thought ??M losing a child so sexy. Now, before we get too crazy, let's not rule out the possibility of them walking through that door at any second. Okay, get the gun! You're a good man, Barney. Thanks. (sighs) I'm glad I didn't spend my birthday alone. You're a fine lady, Barbara June. I hope you get your wish and die peacefully. Oh, thank you. You're not one of the sexy ones, or the rich ones, but y-you're one of the good ones, Barney. That's the most beautiful thing anyone's ever said to me. What did I say? (growling) You sure this is a good idea? No, but it's the best idea. I mean, we jump out of the tree, we make a lot of noise, maybe we can scare the bear away. Maybe I should try and scare him and you should run. What? No, Jimmy. 

[00:24:09]


I'm not leaving you. Till death do us part, right? Hopefully not today, but yes. (bear growling) Ricardo: I see them! Oh, my God, they're being attacked by a bear! Hold on, wait! I want to record you saving my daughter. She's always complaining that I don't take enough home videos. How long does it take one of those tranquilizer darts to knock a bear out? I think about two minutes, 'cause on Bear Week, they shoot the bear, then they go to a commercial for gold coins, cars and about four other shows about bears. And then they come back, that thing's out cold. Okay, go. (both yell) (gunshot) (growling) doing? Alright, alright. Now this is a party. What is that? Go, go, go. Mmm. Give me some of that sauce. I don't know, I think I might bail. Yeah, it's pretty dead. [ Male Announcer ] ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH. New kfc dip'ems. Freshly prepared tenders dipped in irresistible sauces. This is it. Now this is a party. [ Male Announcer ] TRY A 3 PIECE COMBO FOR Just $5. Today tastes so good. and emily talking about the low price guarantee. That's your receipt from another store? Yes sir! Let's put it to the test! Okay! If you find a lower advertised price, they'll match it right at the register. Really? Low price on reese's! Low price on kit kat! Low price on hershey! And the savings is sweeter than the candy. There you have it! You're kidding! That's the walmart low price guarantee! See for yourself! Bring in your last receipt and see how much you can save. Save more on the candy your family loves with hauntingly low pres on all their hershey favorites. Get more halloween for your money, guaranteed. Walmart! 

[00:26:58]


What happened? Is Sabrina okay? You're both fine. It was awesome! I filmed it with my phone. VIRGINIA: Ricardo's first shot missed the bear and hit you. (Sabrina screaming) But then Sabrina came to your defense. (bear growling) With his second shot, he missed the bear again and hit Sabrina. (gunshot) RICARDO: After the last shot, I got smart. (gunshot) So I aimed for Sabrina and hit the bear. (gasps) What happened? Easy. Go slow. Your 80-pound body took a dart meant for a 400-pound bear. (gasps) I am so glad that you're both okay. And I'm sorry that I ever doubted whether you were compatible. I mean, you fought a bear together, for crying out loud. I cannot think of a better test of your love. Oh, Jimmy, I love you! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yuck. Jimmy: Some couples know right away that they're made for each other. So, uh, who is Antonio? That's a long story. Why? Does it make you jealous? And some couples get better the longer they're together. What'd you snag? Shampoo. How about you? Conditioner! Both: Aw! Sabrina and me-- it took a moment of crisis to see that we were meant to be together. Let's go home and finish... Each other's sentences? I was gonna say, "getting the bear slobber out of your hair," but I appreciate the effort. And sone other couples were just getting started. Hi, sugar. Oh, my God. Did we...? Oh, yeah. Does that supermarket of yours sell pregnancy tests? 

[00:28:59]


Hi, Barney. (gasps) Virginia, you're home. How was Maw Maw? How do you mean that? Alive or dead? Alive. Very alive. I have to go home now and take some showers. Maw Maw? What did you do to him? He passed out in the kitchen, so I pulled him into my bedroom and let him think he got lucky. It was my little birthday gift to him. You didn't let him know about the big surprise party we're throwing him tonight, did you? He has no idea. Captioning sponsored by 20th television Brought to you by VOLKSWAGEN. Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org Hey. Sorry I'm late. Not really. Just saying what I'm supposed to. Not a great day to be late, 'cause a certain somebody-- our boss-- decided to show up. But don't worry, I covered for you. Oh, look who it is. 

﻿Title: Red Eye
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

N criticized the president for apologizing to countries around the world and syria sparked conversation as well. Now, hottest topics trending tonight. On the left of volume of tweets throughout the debate, that number reaching more than.5 million total tweets tonight. Of those three topics jumped, foreign policy, 54%. Second, the economy and finally, terrorism with 9%, so a big night in the online world with twitter. First debate is still holding the record with 10 million tweets. When we come back a final thought on the night from here in boca raton. iestor. I invest in what I know. I turned 65 last week. I'm getting married. Planning a life. There are risks, sure. But, there's no reward without it. I want to be prepared for the long h I see a world bursting with opportunities. India, china, brazil, ishares, small-caps, large-caps, ishares. Industrials. Low cost. Every dollar counts. Ishares. Income. Dividends. Bonds. I like bonds. Ishares. Commodities. Diversification. Choices. My own ideas. Ishares. I want to use the same stuff the big guys use. Ishares. 8 out of 10 large, professional investors choose ishares for their etfs. Introducing the isres core, etfs for the heart of your portfolio. Tax efficient and low cost building blocks to help you keep more of what you earn. Call your advisor. Visit ishares.Com. Ishares. Ishares. Yeah, ishares. Call 1-800-ishares for a prospectus which includes investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Read and consider it carefully before investing. 

[00:03:50]


>>> Gik final thoughts from steve hays and joe trippi. Joe? 
>> I think romney has done a great job and he's a good job again tonight. I give tonight obama, on points. But now for swing states p getting out the vote is all that counts from here on in. 
>> I think the question is can people see mitt romney as the president? I think it could. Second question is did barack obama do anything to reverse the momentum we've seen mitt romney establish? The answer is no. 
>> Thank you so much. Bret? That is it. They're out here with the signs spinning away. 
>> It's been an honor and a pleasure, next stop, election night.15 days from now. That is it from us live from boca raton, florida. 
>> You've got hahn ti next followed by greta. 
>> We're live in the spin room tonight. Special edit of hannity. We saw two very different candidates on the stage tonight a at time desperate president feeling behind tonight. And going on the attack. Even at times very petulant and childish compared to a confident and relaxed mitt rom nee. We're going to get aget analysis, including john sinunu f the spin room. We check in now with frank luntz and his special focus group tonight. 
>> We've got 27 voters here in southern florida. How many of you voted for barack obama in 2008. Raise your hands. It's a pretty obama dominated group. What did you think about mitt romney this evening? Go. 
>> Wall street driven. Not a well-rounded leader. 
>> Business like as always. 
>> Presidential and confident. 
>> I feel he understands the importance of friendship with israel. 

[00:05:57]


>> I think he was assertive and hungry for the job. 
>> Promised to be a more human candidate. 
>> Winning. 
>> Okay. 
>> We're not charlie sheen here. 
>> So explain to me. Every time mitt romney brought it to the economy, dials went up. This is a foreign policy debate. Why would you dial higher. 
>> Mitt romney has shown he's capable of turning this country arou once we have that, we'll have more security. We need that security. 
>> How can he ignore it? 
>> Reality is foreign policy secondary? And mitt romney has a plan? 
>> Mitt romney is aware economy is the main issue. That is what appeals to most voters.. 
>> Which is more important to you? Foreign or economic policy? 
>> Economic? Foreign? 
>> Who says economic? Virtually everybody. So is that a good strategy to do that? 
>> President must be well rounded and versed in all areas. Mitt romney belongs in the private sector. And economics is his strength mewhat. 
>> I don't think the president qualified to be commander in chief. 
>> I believe americans are a little bit impatient and in my humble opinion in this instance, since -- . 
>> We're not -- . 
>> We have issues like we've had... 
>> Four americans are dead is, is serious. It has something to do with he integrity. And honesty. It has something to do with they lied about it. 
>> We talk about benghazi? 
>> Hold on, hold on. Sean? Sean? Hold on. We're on live television. And iave lost control. Thank you. Please help me. 

[00:08:01]


>> When we talk about benghazi, there are some things we don't want to ignore. Main thing we cannot do is the president's information through intelligence. 
>> This is the economy, stupid. 
>> The bottom line comes down to our economy is weak. If we're not a strong america there is nothing more we can do. 
>> You're nodding your head. Go ahead. Why? 
>> You have to have good, stable rts to be able to show other people in other countries we can handle it. 
>> I think the president did tonight. He did well on foreign policy. But I do agree it's not about the foreign policy. 
>> I think it's about everything. 
>> There is a lot of cliche tonight if we're going to have a strong military we've got to have money to pay for it. 
>> Which is more likely? 
>> We have to have -- . 
>> This is a big foreign foreign trade thing. It's a big thing in the economy. 
>> Economy of the country is first. You need to be a strong country to be able to lead. 
>> I have got to wrap this up. I want a show of hands. How many of you think mitt romney did a better job on the economic part of the debate? Raise your hand. 
>> Watch this. How many of you thought barack obama did a better job? See? It's, I actually credit you. If there is a bit to decipher the differences they award mitt romney on economic and barack obama on foreign policy. Back to you. 

[00:10:10]


>> Weir going to have more kind of later tonight but first live from the spin room I'm joined by romney surrogate. Also known as foreign senator, marco rubio. 
>> As the debate went on tonight a couple things started. It was obvious to me governor romney went into this debate not wanting to go tit for tat with the president. President came off at times petulant and angry. I'm like I don't think that sells well in the end with the american people. 
>> No. That is right. This is governor romney going to show people he is ready to be presidential. The president appeared small. There is a couple times there was a question about iran's nuclear programs. The president responded with a petty answer about how the government had some sort of invefment. What does have have to do with a nuclear program in iran? That is the president answered with that... 
>> He appeared petty. 
>> There is a lot I felt governor romney could have brought up if he wanted to go. He did bring up apology tour. I did say america was guilty of torture when he went to cairo. So this is also a president that said iran, cuba, venezuela, those countries are tiny and thought knot a threat. 
>> He did so with what this context is about. He pointed out aks the president took that sent signals to ayatollahs in iran they didn't have to worry about barack obama. Whether it was the comments made in the speeches whether his unwillingness to say anything about the protest in the grun green revolution when folks took to the streets to protest. He pointed out all of those things were clear signals to ayatollahs that barack obama was not serious. 

[00:12:27]


>> If there is one surprise in my mind from tonight is issue of how do we define a war on terrorism? This is a president that banned the use of the term. And through context of the cover up in again gazy. I'm surprised and I did think bob shifer did a good job, that that should have been a bigger focus. 
>> I think it wasn't. That is a key issue we face. But I can tell you governor rom me has been clear about the position on the war on terrorism. It's a prix. You're looking at what's happening now where al qaeda is reconstituting itself in north afterica. They're w there. They've reformed themselves in those countries. I think that is a part of a failed foreign poll sismt. 
>> Governor romney did challenge the president on this idea america has helped the muslim world. When he went on the tour he didn't point out that america has sacrificed in the muslim world in places like kuwait, iraq, afghanistan, indonesia, kosovo just to have name a few but did say america was guilty of torture and abandoned it's values.. 
>> And that america dictated to people, its terms. 
>> There is a theory that the president that the reason folks in the middle east hate us is because they didn't like george bush or america is rude or mean to them is absurd. The reason why islamics don't like america is because they have a view of the world they want to impose on as many people as possible and america IS STANDING3Xt IN THEIR WAY. >>. 
>> Sean: The president said once we don't have the right to assert our values on other countries. When I hear that I think... If america doesn't lead, who does? 

[00:14:36]


>> That is right. 
>> A world without american leadership reyates a vacuum filled with bad actors. Global issues have to be solved by a collection of country that's confront them. The coalitions have to be led and only america can do so fchl you look at the principles it's principles all people want. Freedom, liberties respect for women ask all life. These are also principles of all humanity. 
>> When the president during his presidency says iran does have the right to nuclear power why shouldn't conditioned be you've got to stop denying the holocaust and abandon your nuclear weapons program and grant civil rights to your citizenry. 
>> It's impossible to negotiate with iran leadership of the government is clearly set that they want to wipe israel off the face of the earth. That is what they've said. 
>> They need to stop saying it they're state sponsored terrorism. And wants to wipe another country off the face of the earth can never have a nuclear capability because they're going to use that nuclear capability to wipe out israel how could bewe negotiate any sort of nuclear arrangement with them? 
>> At the end of the day I saw a governor that show himself knowledgeable, presidential above the pettiness of a president trying to score chief political points. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Only mitt romney on that stage looked, spoke and acted like a president. 
>> Sean: Senator good to see you. Thank you for being with us. We have more on the big debate governor sara palin coming up next. We'll check in with romney advisor, and juan williams goes one on one and we're going to check back with frank luntz as this special spin room edition continues from boca raton, florida tonight. 

[00:16:45]


>> We have to stand by our principles. If we're strong in each of those things american influence will grow. Unfortunately nowhere in the world is america's influence greater today than waits four years ago. 
DAD VO: Ok, time for bed, kiddo. Lights out. ???????????? 
(Sirens) 
(Train Horn) ???????????? 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. 

[00:20:50]


>>> Russia is a geo political foe. And I said in the same paragraph I said and iran is the greatest national security threat we face, russia discontinue to battle us in the un time and time again. Very clear skies on this, I'm not going to wear rose colored glasses when it comes to russia and mr. Putin. After the election he'll get more back bone. 
>> We're live tonight from the post debate spin room. We're here in boca raton, florida for more reaction I am joined by former alaska governor sara palin, governor good to see you. 
>> Thank you. 
>> And that is an interesting point to me. There are a couple things, i would like to know when he was saying to president medvedev I'll are more flexibility after the election. What did he promise him? Why would he say to nicholas sarkozy after calls bebe netanyahu a liar, oh, I've got to deal with him every week. I want to know does he have secret agreements. 
>> Why did he are russia o the new dart treaty? Why did he not go after putin and other russian leaders for flagging of underwater off shore base that's have many, many minerals that don't belong to russia. They're flagging him anyway. There are so many untruths by obama tonight. Unfortunately romney just didn't have time to answer them all. Certainly obama's mannerisms manifested life catchi him -- up with him, thus, the desperation. 

[00:22:53]


>> That is kind of what i thought. Something this childish and this is on serious issues of national security. At times he'd say there are things I've learned as commander in chief. I'm watching thinking oh, thank you mr. Community organizer with your vast array of experience saying before you got elected iran is not a threat. And this just came off as arrogant to me. Your thoughts? 
>> This is untrue, obama suggested we're more energy secure today than we've been. He claims we have been in relationship was all of those on an international stage than ever. He claimed sequesteration was congress's fault and won't happen. This was the result of his lack of any kind of budget in four years and this is due to his adding to national debt. And went through following the law if he's going to igre the constitution, then sequestering will happen. 
>> There wasn't much talk as i thought there might be by president obama. Boy have liked to have seen governor romney question the president on this fact, that the very thing that's he opposed and that is renditions, git mow. When he called on ireo enhanced interrogations he called torture we won't have gotten to the courier that allowed him to make that decision. He was an out spoken critic of. 

[00:25:00]


>> So do i. Again there wasn't enough time for romney to answer false charges to get those questions answers that many of us have of obama. One thing I wish romney could have hammered home was to me was a lack of credibility as chander in chief having respect for our military chiefs. He claims there are troops fighting and be willing to die on quote, his behalf, unquote z he is willing to throw them under the bus and withhold their paychecks to get his way with congress. He doesn't want to see convenient ways for troops to be able to vote in a war zone. That so many things that you would think a commander in chief would do to show respect for the military, obama does not do. I wish governor romney was able to have more time to delve into some of those issues he said america was arrogant when he spoke in france that we're not a christian nation. And also, remember the president told our sworn enemies who our methods of enhanced interrogation were. There was issue of you know new rules of engagement which tied our soldiers hands and then, remember support of miranda rights on the battlefield I thought were bad decisions for any commander in chief to make especially if you're p a war. Shouldn't you be fighting to it win it? 
>> There are bad decision was our present commander in chief when it comes to military funding. A total of a trillion dollars being cut from national defense and military budget which will be the result of see quest traigs. And kneel cavuto said tonight when he heard he was blaming congress his response wooz hold on now, sparky. Come on, obama you're going too far with a line like that. I wish the media would start calling obama out on these rye lies. We have 16 days to get people to open their eyes to the choice they have. You saw a great example of the choice that we have tonight. Someone who is responsible and has respect for other nations did not want to get out there building other nations but wants to allow america to be the nation again that we are so we can be that beacon of hope and light for other nations wishing to emulate the things we do right. You can see going down the stage they'll pass the obama policy that's have created these -- these fail add lionses and a more unsafe world as romney pointed out tonight. In these last four years. Before obama was elected. 

[00:28:11]


>> I think the most dangerous aspect of just to reiterate the point is a president refusing to acknowledge the war on terrorism. There is 14 days after what happened in benghazi, the president still would not tell the american people the truth. But anyway, governor, it's good to see you. Thank you for being with us. 
>> Thank you, sean, appreciate you coming up next we're going to head back to fort lauderdale, florida where frank luntz is stand big with his group of undecided voters. And we'll check in with juan williams as he squares off with eric bowling of the five as we continue more from the spin room as this special edition of "hannity" continues. 
>> I don't concur with what the president said about my own record and things that i said. They don't happen to be accurate. We're talking about the middle east and how to help the middle east reject the kind of terrorism we're seeing and rising tide of turmoil and confusion a tacking me is not AN AGENDA.@@ @ pp P Card One, Sven's Home Security GETS THE MOST REWARDS Of any small business credit card! How does this thinwork? Oh, I like it! 

[00:31:36]


[ Garth ] SVEN'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS 2% Casback on every purche, every day! O-hoo!!! So that ten security gators, right? PUT THEM ON MY Spark Card! Why settle for less? Testing hot tar... Great businesses deserve the most rewards! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ark Business Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with 2% cash back or double miles on every purchas every day! What's in your wallet? Here's your invoice. 

[00:33:42]


>>> Tonight we're coming to you from the post-debate spin room. For more on the we head back to a group of undeciding swing state voters. Very a question for everybody there. It's interesting on the economy. Highest marks for governor romney? And they thought on base points here is -- charles krauthammer made an observation I happen to agree with. That is that the governor, governor romney went big was not going to get into the back and forth nah, nah, nah sort of childish game the pdent seemed desperate and kind of small with these attacks I'm thinking you're a state senator two years. Did that bother the focus group at all? 
>> Did that bother? 
>> Last time you interrupted me, this time, I'm speaking. He kept jabbing it, I'm not okay. State your opinion and move on. 
>> And there is a community organizer. Biggest problem in the count interest is our economy. Mitt romney has proven he can handle fiscal issues he has this history. But we have a president that hasn't given us a budget. 
>> Obama served as a state senator from illinois. Therefore he had experience in government to try to do things in government. He said himself, he can't change government. 
>> He was a senator. 
>> It depends on the way you look at it. You have a mitt romney, private sector and government. That creates a better option. 

[00:35:47]


>> I want to make this accurate and fair. How many of you thought tonight's debate barack obama won? Raise your hand. This is overwhelming. When it comes to the economy how many of of you think mitt romney would be better in handling the economy? That is what is interesting about this, I want to do two clips that are powerful. Let's start with mitt romney talking about being strong at home requires you to be strong abroad. Let's take a look. It's a high point of the debate. 
>> And in order to fulfill our requirement in the world we have to lead and strengthen our economy here at home. You can't have people struggling to get a job and an economy that keeps slowing down it's growth rate. You can't have kids out of college can't find a job today. And our military. We don't know what goitsing to throw at us down the road. 
>> What is it about strength and that reaction? 
>> It's going to be viewed as a strong country as we go out into the world. And try to bring peace. We haze to strengthen ourselves first and then, we can help others. 
>> I also want to say sean that that moment for barack obama is a shock. It's one of those kids will be studying 20 years from now. Mitt romney gave a great comparison to the current military vers 100 years ago. Barack obama was prepared. Let's listen. 
>> I think governor romney hasn't spent time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy. There are fewer ships than we did in 1916. We have fewer horses and bay onetts because nature of the military change. We have aircraft carriers and ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines the question is not a game of battleship we're counting ships. It's what are our capabilities? 

[00:38:17]


>> I think mitt romney's comparisons were unfair, technology has advanced and we can do more with less. As long as we're focused and going in the right direction that is what matters. 
>> Right. 
>> And in 1d 18 my grandfather was riding a horse and buggy. There is no comparison. Before we leave this is a man decorating his desk for the entire year. What does america mean to you some. 
>> Greatest country in the history of civil saigs. 
>> Do you love these guys around you? 
>> Yes. 
>> Who is your favorite? 
>> Reagan. 
>> Take a look at this art of getting a live shot of this. You look at the issues and you come in the end to the right decision. I just want to thank you for contributing because this is america. Back to you. 
>> Frank luntz and the focus group, coming up next romney advisor will be my guest live and then, left and right. Juan williams squares off as we continue right here in boca raton, florida. Special edition of hannity continues.. >>He reason I call this an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and to egypt and saudi arab and turkey and iraq. And by the way you skipped israel. Our closest friend in the region. But you went to other nations and they notice that had you skipped israel. Then in those nations you said america has been dismiss skbrif said america dictated other nations mr. President has not dictated to other nations. We have freed other nations from dictators. You see us, at the start of the day. On the company phone list that's a few names longer. You see us bank on busier highways. On once empty fields. Everyday you see all the ways all of us at us bank are helping grow our economy. Lending more so companies and communities can expand, grow stronger and get back to work. Everyday you see all of us serving you, around the country, around the corner. Us bank. ] ] that? That's the sound of car insurance compani these days. Here a cheap, there a cheap, everywhere a cheap... You get it. So, what if instead of just a cheap choice, you could make a smart choice? Like, esurance for example. They were born online and built to save people money from the beginning. It's what they've always done. Not just something they cheap about. That's insurance for the modern world. Esurance. Now backed by allstate. Click or call. 

[00:44:40]


>> I think one of the challenges is that they felt the administration was not as strong as it needed to be. I think they saw weakness where he expected to find american strength nl. The president campaigned and said he'd meet with the world's worst actors in the first year sitting down with chavez and kim jong-il, castro and president mahmoud ahmadinejad of iran. I think they looked at that as an unusual honor, then, the president began what I have called an apology tour governoring to various nations and criticizing america. I think that is weakness. 
>> Welcome back to the site of the third and final presidential debate. Joining me now to give us the romney campaign take is romney senior advisor. 
>> I did say that america is arrogant and did go to cairo and did accuse america of being guilty of torture and having not lived up to american values. He never talked about america's sacrifice in the muslim world. And that was an apology tour. 
>> Governor romney pointed out and said americans have dictated to other countries too often. The governor said no. We've freed countries from dictators I thought that was one of the best moments of the debate. And what is the american role? 
>> This president said iran, cuba and venezuela are tiny countries and not a threat. He said he was negotiating wi iran without preconditions. I can think of a few. Recognizing israel's right to exist. Stop threatening to annihilate them. Recognizing the truth that the holocaust occurred and stopping your nuclear weapons program. 

[00:46:43]


>> Another area is whether it was relative to the strong yeflt allies in the world. And governor made clear he couldn't won't do a number of things when and pointed out the need to continue to ratchet up sanctions on iran. President too slow to get to where we are now. 
>> The president left the prime minister of israel in the white house ask z.Said call me if you have anything different to say. We told israel we'd never request they go back to 67 borders this president decided to go on "the view", on david letterman, on stewart hang out with jay-z and beyonce than meet with the prime minister that requested a meeting. Rationale is if we have to meet with one leader we have to meet with 10. Isn't that his job. 
>> And mitt romney went to egypt and turkey and skipped over israel that. Was dually noted. 
>> Important. 
>> You know the president thought he was never and cute tonight. He said about bayonettes and horses. Horses were ridden by troops in afghanistan. And marines still use bayonettes. Maybe someone ought to educate the president on how our military actually works. 
>> And in terms of the impact his reckless and arbitrary defense cuts are going to have. His own secretary of defense says there are going to be devastating cuts. He needs to understand when you come up with across the board cuts that cut deep and hurt us very keep you're going to make us weaker in the world. That is important tonight, too. There are a number of important distinctions but that was the most critical. 

[00:48:50]


>> What about we know there was a video of the state department charlie lamb testified they watched in realtime and knew this wasn't spon tainus. And know that the president's, 14 days later could not face a terrorist attack. 
>> I thought that would have been a big point of the debate tonight. And the president seems to have gotten the past once again. 
>> What gove romney did point out is that attacks in libya, there are more questions and answers still as a result in ability to give us answer that's prove to be accurate but it's reflective of the broader failures of the policies. That is weakness. That leading from behind, when you send that signal to that region we become a less state and we can see unraveling of the president foreign policy in the middle east as we saw in libya. 
>> How did the president not see the muslim brotherhood coming into power? They're the only organized political opposition. The president flipped and flopped and pushed mubarak out? 
>> The region you can see the failure of the president and need for change. Governor romney made clear he knows where to take the count try frank luntz says it's the economy, economy. They gave governor romney by far the win on economic issues which I thought were discussed more than I thought was expected but there is a nod on foreign policy in terms of what he said. The president came in there kind kind of desperate? 

[00:50:52]


>> That may be the case. I know after the last debate there was reporting in terms of surveys people felt. There is if you look ot john creation, romney won on all of those things I believe tonight again, one of the key things is that every time the american people have seen a mitt romney who is different than portrayed in 30 second attack ads. 
>> Serious? 
>> Thoughtful. 
>> Thank you. 
>> And right after the break it's juan williams versus the five we're live in the spin room. We're here and find out who they think won the debate. You can tweet me on twitter and hannity.Com and facebook. We'll continue. investor. I invest in what I know. I turned 65 last week. I'm getting married. Planning a life. There are risks, sure. But, there's no reward without it. I want to be prepared for the long haul. I see a world bursting with opportunities. India, china, brazil, ishares, small-caps, large-caps, ishares. Industrials. Low cost. Every dollar counts. Ishares. Income. Dividends. Bonds. I like bonds. Ishares. Commodities. Diversification. Choices. My own ideas. Ishares. I want to use the same stuff the big guys use. Ishares. 8 out of 10 large, professional investors choose ishares for their etfs. Introducing the ishares core, etfs for the heart of your portfolio. Tax efficient and low cost building blocks to help you keep more of what you earn. Call your advisor. Visit ishares.Com. Ishares. Ishares. Yeah, ishares. Call 1-800-ishares for a prospectus which includes investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Read and consider it carefully before investing. 

[00:55:33]


>>> Welcome back to this special post debate spin room ition of "hannity" joining me now with more reaction we have juan williams, co-host of the five, do you know what make meez mad? I'm tired of this president spiking the bin laden football again and again. We couldn't show the world pictures of a dead bin laden because it would inflame passions, etc. This, president has done it again and again. Here is the truth. Without rendition and gitmo, without eit the president said was torture when he went into cairo. We only did it to three people. He doesn't get to make that call. He did not support the policies that led to bin laden. Why doesn't that get brought snup. 
>> Bring it up. Let me tell you something. We've had this discussion. What is clear is that most americans don't support torture. You don't want to add ties that wot world. 
>> Advanced interrogation is not torture. 
>> Come on. 
>> Trying to figure out how to judge someone with a drone, i get it. But on the lib brals say water boarding is torture but it's okay to fly a drone over, and kill a few people sni don't get it. I don't get that. 
>> I understand the confusion. And water board something. 
>> Killing -- no. No. 
>> Hang on a second. 
>> In hills of pakistan. 
>> Juan williams, if he had his way we never got intelligence to get bin laden waechlz against policy that's led to bin laden. In other words. 
>> You're buying a boat load of misinformation. 
>> Read the guy in the room's book. Rodriguez. And without and without it and and getting to american intelligence that found bin laden giving cred dwroit george bush. 

[00:57:50]


>> I'm trying. I'm trying. And there is 14 days after libya we now know there is a video of what happened in benghazi. And... Charleen lamb testified before congress. The video is this, the american people choose to see it before the election y 14 days after the election couldn't this president mr. Overseas contingency man call a terrorist attack for what it was? 
>> We've had one two,, maybe three different stories. There is a drone that probably videotaped everything. White house claims they don't know. They have a story. 
>> Maybe that is why? 
>> The reason why... 
>> The american people... 
>> The full story is how about. 
>> Wait a minute. Wait a minute. 
>> There is four years. 
>> Fact. We have a tape. Let the american people decide. Let the american people. 
>> And we have a tape we watched in realtime. We know what happened. 
>> That is not -- if I tape this show that doesn't show the entire thing that the happening the room. 
>> We knew that. 
>> The president said right away he considered this act a murder of an american ambassador. 
>> Did he not say that in the rose garden. It's false. Did he not say benghazi was terror. 
>> You can argue and say maybe he was talking about september 11th. And there is our marines in afghanistan did use horses.. 
>> Look at you. You're bleeding. You're hurting. 
>> Being used. 
>> President lied. 
>> All right. 
>> And you can tell when republicans are 
[ talking over one another ]. 
>> Thank you for being with us. Greta is next. 
>> Greta: Tonight president obama and governor romney going to battle over foreign policy, national security and 

﻿Title: Secrets of the Dead - The Man Who Saved the World
Description: An officer aboard a Soviet submarine refuses to fire a nuclear torpedo during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Man: It could have very well meant the end of humanity. 
Announcer: But one soviet refused to push the button. You may be captain of this ship, but I am commander this fleet, and you need my permission. 
Announcer: "The man who saved the world." Captioning made possible by friends of nci "secrets of the dead" was made possible by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. Narrator:1962-- america and the soviet union, two superpowers with enough weaponry to destroy the world 20 times over, faced off. 
Man: Everybody's got a nuke in their pocket. One spark would set it off. 
Narrator: That spark would come in the autumn of that year. Dive 100 meters. The world held its breath as 4 soviet submarines, armed to the teeth with nuclear weapons, set off for cuba while the u.S. Atlantic fleet went on the hunt. 
Man: We were looking toward russia and seeing a country that wanted to destroy us. I call upon chairman khrushchev to halt and eliminate this clandestine, reckless, and provocative threat to world peace. 
Narrator: During these few days, the survival of the world as we know it depended on 3 individuals under enormous pressure. Sir! Load the special weapon. 
Narrator: But just how close the world came to complete destruction during those dark october days has only recently come to light. 
Man: I had a written order that I could release it, and if there was an order to fire the torpedo, I would do it without a second thought. 

[00:02:05]


Different man: The idea that a sub commander could launch world war iii was yet another layer of the uimate danger. 
Different man: I now believe that it could have meant the end of humanity. 
Narrator: This is the story of how one man pushed the world to the brink of destruction and how another saved us all from nuclear apocalypse. It's better than fiction. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. Come on. 
Narrator: At a top-secret naval base in the arctic circle, 4 soviet submarines prepare for a mission known only to a handful of communist party officials. The men on board have no idea where they are being sent. 
[Man speaking russian] when we were at the base, we were preparing for the voyage. Where exactly? That kind of information they didn't tell us, only that it would be out at sea. 
Narrator: Their orders, the course of their journey, and the timetable are contained in an envelope to be opened only when they are out to sea. Valentin savitski is the commander of one of the subs--b-59-- and until he opens his orders, the destination remains a mystery. 
[Speaking russian] we had maps to all the oceans of the world. We could go anywhere. Wherever they told us to go we would alter the course, and we'd go there. 

[00:04:15]


[Blows] 
Narrator: One of the only men who knows about the mission in advance is the captain of the entire suarine fleet. He will also be making the journey on board sub b-59. 
[Woman speaking russian] my husband was a very shy and modest person, intelligent and smart, very polite. When we used to go on holiday, wherever he was, he was always trying to find fresh newspapers. He was always in touch with the modern world. His character was very kind and calm. He was a real human being. 
Narrator: And like many submariners, he has his own rituals. 
Arkhipova: Well, I don't know whether to call it a superstition, but one day when I came home, there was the smell of paper. I asked what was going on. Did something burn in the house? "No," he replied. "I've just burned all our letters." "Why?" I asked with tears in my eyes. He replied that "if you keep the letters, then that is bad luck." 
Narrator: And luck is something vasili arkhipov will rely on. He will be part of an operation that will bring the world to the very brink of complete and utter destruction. By the autumn of 1962, relations between moscow and washington have all but collapsed. The communist east and capitalist west stand toe to toe. 

[00:06:16]


Man: The commies were bad guys, we all knew that, and we were the good guys. We wore white hats, and they wore black hats. 
Man: They were the enemy. Everyone in america had no love lost for the soviet union, and we didn't trust them, and we were fearful. We were looking toward russia and seeing a country that wanted to destroy us, and it was our duty to make sure they didn't prevail. 
Man: The americans for the first time felt vulnerable. And you had the beginning of the backyard bomb shelter craze, where people in the leafy suburbs of washington, d.C., Were building bomb shelters back in their backyard, stocking it with canned goods, and they were teaching school kids how to duck and cover under their desks. There was a level of paranoia. 
Narrator: Kennedy's administration has stationed missile arrays in turkey and italy that are capable of destroying the people of moscow in 16 minutes. 
[Arkhipova speaking russian] when we found out that america had built rocket launchers against us, that wasn't a pleasant thing to know. Our country wasn't preparing for any wars. It was always everyone else who was attacking us. 
Narrator: Adding to the tension is the revolution in cuba. Castro's takeover means that a regime sympathetic to rusa now stands at america's doorstep. 
Blanton: I think the cuban revolution was the first genuine communist revolution that didn't come from stalin's tanks doing a takeover. So the old commies in moscow looked at the young commies in cuba and said, "yeah. Right! The new generation! This is great!" 
Narrator: Throughout 1962, the soviet union secretly smuggled 42 mid-range nuclear missiles into castro's cuba using commercial shipping... But with no proof, the americans can only air their suspicions at a u.N. Meeting. Do you, ambassador zorin, deny that the u.S.S.R. Has placed and is placing medium- and intermediate-range missiles and sites in cuba? Yes or no. 

[00:08:48]


[Laughter] TranslatorU WILL HAVE YOUR ANSWER IN DUE Course. I am prepared to wait for my answer until hell freezes over if that's your decision. 
Man: "If you have your missiles in turkey, we have our missile in cuba," and that was the game. 
Narrator: The cuban missiles mean the soviets can now annihilate los angeles, washington, and new york within just 30 minutes, and russia does not intend to stop there. As part of the next stage of militarizing cuba, the 4 subs slip their anchors and leave russian waters... But what only a handful of the submariners aboard know is that each sub carries a top-secret cargo. Except for the weapon officers and commanders, nobody else was allowed to go in there. The commander, second in command, special officer. Nobody else was allowed in this room. 
Narrator: The special cargo in each of the subs is a single nuclear torpedo of extraordinary power, weapons with the same strength as the bomb dropped on hiroshima. 
Mikhailov: At that period of time, it was called "special weapon," not "nuclear torpe," but "special weapon." At that time, we couldn't even imagine a nuclear torpedo. 
Narrator: The commander of each of the 4 submarines has permission to act without moscow's order. Ryurik ketov was commander of one of the other subs. 

[00:10:56]


Ketov: I had a written order that I could release it, and if there was an order to fire the torpedo, I would do it without a second thought. For the first time in life, a commander of a submarine had a nuclear weapon and had the authority to fire the missile on his command. 
Narrator: Each sub must follow a strict safety protocol. Good. Masslenikov, your key. 
Narrator: The nuclear torpedo can only be launched if both the sub's captain and its political officer are in agreement. Each has one half of a key that when joined will unlock the firing mechanism. 
[Buzzing] a signal is then transmitted to the torpedo bay. All correct, sir. 
Narrator: On this voyage, the b-59 requires an additional step. Vasili arkhipov, the head of the fleet, has the power of veto. Thank you. 
Narrator: If these 3 men agree, they can unleash armageddon. The world was protected only by the policy of mutually assured destruction, a deterrent meant to scare russia and america from firing on one another. 
Slaughter: It means that if we have the capability of wiping out every meaningful target in the soviet union and they have the capability of wiping out any every meaningful target in our country, that we both launched our missiles at the same time and both countries are destroyed. One single soviet nuclear torpedo would trigr a response from the americans leading to a cascade of destruction. The answer to the fist was to hold our own fist. That's how it was. Everybody's got a nuke in their pocket. One spark would set it off. Narrator:50 miles from port, each commander is instructed to read his orders. Comrades. We have been asked to take part in a special mission for the soviet union. The 69th brigade of long-range diesel attack submarines will make best speed and remain undetected as we transit across t atlantic and then be permanently stationed in mariel, cuba. 

[00:14:03]


Narrator: Under their orders, the submariners will travel 7,000 miles from the safety of the arctic ocean, past scandinavia and iceland, south into the caribbean, where they will reinforce the secret soviet forces in cuba... Only 90 miles from mainland america. The plan is for these 4 submarines to serve the vanguard of a soviet force that will make cuba one of the most militarized places on earth. Of course if I knew he was going there, to cuba, I'd be a hundred times more worried. This is a most important mission assigned by the party and the government. I am sure we will accomplish it. I rely upon you. 
Narrator: But getting to cuba is a journey fraught with difficulty and constant danger of detection. Hunting them will be the most advanced fleet of american sub hunters... Destroyers, helicopters, surveillance planes all armed with the latest technology. Communications officer gary slaughter was on the u.S.S. Cony. 
Slaughter, voice-over: Starting in 1952, america had invested billions, maybe trillions of dollars in beefing up its anti-submarine warfare capability, and the only enemy that we were trying to suppress and confront and defeat was the soviet union. We could not have been better prepared for their decision to bring those submarines to cuba. Two weeks after leaving home, the 4 russian subs safely reach the mid-atlantic without incident. They have made it more than halfway to cuba undetected and without arousing the suspicions of the americans. John stoessinger, an advisor to president kennedy, witnessed the government's inner workings during the crisis and was there when u-2 spy planes returned with photographic proof that the soviets had smuggled missiles into cuba. 

[00:16:51]


Stoessinger: They began to swear and cuss because they didn't know a thing about it, and quite frankly, they swore like a bunch of unhappy truck drivers. That's the language they used. 
Narrator: The americans now have concrete proof that soviet missiles could be launched from cuba. 
Stoessinger: Most americans were outraged but also very frightened. Very frightened. 
Narrator: On october 14, the weather starts to change. Hurricane ella begins forming in the caribbean. It will be the biggest storm of the season. 
[Ketov speaking russian] at that moment, the atlantic was very disturbed, a storm after a storm. The waves were going up to 5-7 meters, and the wind was making it even worse, but the ship sits low in the water, up to 5 meters high, and it was completely covered by the waves. We were going through with the hatch closed because if you open it, the water will get in immediately. 
Narrator: The low cloud cover means american spotter planes are grounded. For us perfect weather is when there are waves, when there's a storm. These conditions are ideal. 
Narrator: But the conditions inside the submarines are appalling. 
[Mikhailov speaking russian] during this storm, we just couldn't stand on our feet. In conditions like this, you have to put your legs against the bulkhead and keep your back pressed against the fittings just to keep yourself stable. Otherwise the waves can swing the ship around, and you can break your head or damage something. 

[00:19:14]


Narrator: There is no radio contact from moscow. While negotiations have started at the highest level, nothing is passed on to the 4 submarines. 
[Static crackling] it is as if they have been forgotten. 
[Static] and then on the 15th of october, naval command in moscow finally makes contact. Sir. Dismissed. 
Narrator: It seems moscow is changing the mission. Comrades, we have just received word from moscow, some new orders. We are to be stationed in the sargasso sea until advised otherwise. 
Narrator: A little more than two weeks after leaving mother russia, the 4 submarines are ordered to hold their position in the sargasso sea and wait for instructions, but more time at sea means more chances for the americans to find them. A thousand miles away from cuba, kennedy decides to speak to the nation about the discovery of soviet missile bases. It shall be the policy of this nation to regard any nuclear missile launched from cuba against any nation in the western hemisphere as an attack by the soviet union on the united states requiring a full retaliatory response upon the soviet union. Our goal is... 

[00:21:20]


Stoessinger: So far everything had been kept secret, but going public meant that the whole country would know about it but also prime minister khrushchev would know about it. 
Slaughter: I patched it through the public address system all through the ship, and it was sobering. I call upon chairman khrushchev to halt and eliminate this clandestine, reckless, and provocative threat to world peace and to stable relations between our two nations. I call upon him further... 
Narrator: Kennedy announces that going forward cuba will be under quarantine. 
Stoessinger: "We should not call a blockade," the president said. "We should call it a quarantine." And somebody shouted, "what's the difference, mr. President?" "It sounds better," president kennedy said. "It does not sound as threatening as a blockade, and that is a good thing." 
Slaughter: We knew that this was the real thing, that this was not an exercise, and so our attitudes changed, we became more determined, more professional, we focused, and we went to our stations ready for action. 
Narrator: Kennedy orders a ring of ships to surround cuba and the caribbean and stop the flow of any more soviet weaponry. News that the soviets smuggled nuclear weapons into cuba explodes across the nation. I'd hate like heck to see us go to war, but if it's necessary to prevent a nuclear war, I think the action has to be taken at this time. Well, I think it's high time we stopped russia from having things her own way. I know that some action should be taken... 
Blanton: And at the time, I was a hool kid in third grade in ellise, mississippi. They had me go under my desk multiple times that week in october 1962 because we were within range of those medium-range missiles from cuba. 

[00:23:34]


Narrator: But the rising tensions are not reported in russia. Life continues as normal. October 22, 1962. Kennedy increases america's defense readiness condition from 4 to defcon 3 for the first time in history. 22 interceptor aircraft are ordered to patrol the sea. We never underestimated the russians. We always assumed that they were strong as we were and it was our job to outwit them, to outtrain them. It would be like two prize fighters knowing that nominally they had the same capabilities to knock the other guy out. 
Narrator: Below the waves, the crew of b-59 has been away from home for 3 1/2 weeks... And they are feeling more and more isolated and cut off from moscow. Radio operator vadim orlov would later describe the situation to tom blanton at the u.S. National security archives. 
Blanton: They weren't getting communications from moscow. They were listening to miami radio stations. 
Man on radio: The "washington post" says this morning that russian military attaches at a soviet embassy reception... On miami radio, the stories are about impending u.S. Invasion of cuba. On miami radio it's descriptions of the flotilla offshore, it's descriptions of total mobilization. 
[Sonar pinging] 
Man on radio: Nbc radio news on the hour, brought to you by total. 
Narrator: American radio even speculates that there might be enemy submarine activity in the area. Keto WE COULD NOT GET ANY CONTACT WITH MOSCOW, And we had no idea what was going on. Everything I knew and everything I did was by listening to kennedy on the radio. Keep listening. 

[00:25:43]


[Radio chatter] 
Narrator: While the lack of contact with moscow is a problem, the men are facing a more serious risk. A previous disaster aboard another submarine has made the chances of discovery much greater. A year before, a nuclear reactor on board the sub k-19, one of the first russian nuclear subs, failed catastrophically. 8 men died from radiation poisoning as they tried to fix the problem. Vasili arkhipov was aboard the k-19 and witnessed the disaster. 
[Arkhipova speaking russian] he must have really felt it. He had seen what radiation had done to people. He had seen it with his own eyes when some of those people who'd been in the nuclear reactor were carried out. It was a tragedy, a real tragedy. This tragedy was the reason that we would say no to nuclear war. 
Narrator: Following the k-19 disaster, the soviet navy mothballed their nuclear subs. The only subs now available for this mission are diesel electrics, and diesel electrics must surface to charge their batteries. Batteries are down to 20%. Begin preparations to surface. 
Narrator: But despite the shortcomings of their equipment, the captains of the soviet subs have one trick up their sleeves. They can perform magic... And make a 330-foot steel hulk just disappear. The oceans are naturally broken down into layers of different temperatures, and these different layers break up the speed of sonar waves, making submarines impossible to track. 

[00:28:09]


Bradick: The ocean is never consistent in its temperature. If you took a thermometer and you and you swam down to the bottom of the sea, as you would go down, you would notice that the temperature changes. These are known as isothermal layers, and diving underneath one makes a sub harder to track. Dive 100 meters. 
Slaughter: As anti-submarine warfare hunters, we were always focused on the thermal conditions of the water. 
Narrator: A cool layer of water has a different density than a warmer layer. A sonar ping literally bounces off the line between the two. 
Slaughter: It's the most difficult thing to deal with when you're in the anti-submarine warfare business. If a submarine can get below that thermal layer, they're better off hiding under there. Narrator:85% of the entire atlantic fleet is now on the hunt for any vessel that might attempt to break kennedy's blockade. 
[Speaking russian] khrushchev counters kennedy's quarantine with the threat that stopping and searching of any russian ship will be considered an act of piracy. 40 destroyers, 4 aircraft carriers, and 358 aircraft are now effectively hunting for any soviet vessel that might be smuggling weapons. It has become the most dangerous game of cat and mouse in history. On october 24, kennedy pushes america's war readiness alert up to defcon 2. According to these ratings, the next stop is nuclear war. On board the sub, the time spent in the warmer waters of the sargasso sea has caused conditions to deteriorate even further. The air conditioning has failed, and temperatures are rising. 

[00:30:30]


Ketov: The temperature went up to 60-65 degrees. In the diesel section, it was over 70 degrees, and it wasn't just for 5 or 10 minutes. It was for hours. All the time the crew were under these conditions. 
Narrator: Russia's diesel electric fleet is designed to function in the cold arctic seas, temperatures of 37 degrees. The water temperature in the sargasso seais IN THE MID-80s. The subs are beginning to overheat. The coolest part of the sub is at each end by the torpedo pods. There it is only around 110 degrees. Crew members are allowed there for short periods of time. 
Bradick: When I was in anti-submarine warfare school, it was the only time I was on board a diesel-powered submarine for a period of just a day, and it was awful-- the stink of diesel oil and the smell of acid from the batteries and stuff like that, and we were out just for the day, and it was quite enough for me, thank you. 
Narrator: Rations are diminishing. Each man is limited to a sine glass of water per day. The radio operator of b-59 vadim orlov told his story to the u.S. National security archive in the years before his death. Orlov was describing terrible conditions on these submarines. They were not made for warm waters, and they were terrible equipment that should never have been deployed, and it was a height of recklessness to send this equipment off with nuclear capacity. 
Ketov: What man in his right mind would send a diesel submarine on that kind of mission? Only a madman, only someone who doesn't know the situation at all. 

[00:32:41]


Narrator: And still a week after arriving in the sargasso sea, b-59 has not received any new orders from moscow. The daily routine consists of staying hidden from american sub hunters. 
[Sonar pings] 
[static crackling] 
[airplane flying] plane overhead! Plane overhead! Crash dive! Crash dive! Crash dive! How much charge? Barely 5%. 
[Alarm blaring] that's only 6 hours. Battery room, can you confirm the charge? The charge! 
[Speaking russian] emergency dive if you are surfaced takes about 30 seconds. Part of the ship takes on water, and the ship practically sinks like a rock till a certain depth. 
Narrator: With spotter planes overhead, b-59 is forced to dive with only enough charge in its batteries to stay hidden for 6 hours. Is it still in range? That's why the situation was getting harder, and we couldn't charge our batteries anymore. 
Narrator: The sailors on b-59 have no idea whether their cover has been blown, but back in washington, communication systems explode into life. The sub has been spotted. 
Slaughter: We had so many weapons and so many sonars. He was like a rabbit inside a small cage, and 15 of us hounds outside the cage and 15 hawks above the cage. That rabbit was dead. 

[00:34:51]


Narrator: The u.S. Fleet is trying to get a lock on the sub. Sonar buoys, listening devices, are thrown into the sea, and the temperature of the atlantic is continually analyzed. With the weather settling down, the ocean has become a stable, single body of water with no isothermal layers. The soviets' invisibility cloak has started to fail them. 
Bradick: Our equipment was working perfectly, my sailors were doing a marvelous job of tracking this guy. The water conditions were good, so by the end of two hours, we really knew we had him. While the pressure on the russian submariners intensifies, things are about to go very wrong for the americans. 
Stoessinger: I remember seeing an aide come in to the oval office, and the aide whispered into the president's ear, and then he drew himself up to his full height, and said, the president said, "we've had a casualty." 
Narrator: Flying at 70,000 feet over cuba, a spy plane is shot down, killing the pilot. 
Stoessinger: President kennedy turned visibly white. He got pale. It was an act of war. 
Man: Was shot down over banes, which is right near a u-2 site, in eastern cuba. 
Narrator: The missile fired is one of those secretly supplied to castro by the soviets. 
Kennedy: Well, this is much of an escalation by them, isn't it? 
Narrator: Major rudolf anderson is the first person to die in the conflict. All-out war is now a step closer. The u.S.S. Cony continues scouring the seas. We got our solid contact at roughly 4:00 or 5:00 in the afternoon. 

[00:37:00]


Narrator: American reconnaissance reveals the possible presence of 3 enemy subs. What they don't know is that their targets carry enough nuclear weaponry to destroy the entire atlantic fleet. 
Slaughter: We were all exhilarated, there was no fear, we knew our jobs, and we were just kin of rubbing our hands, saying, "god, we at last get a chance to play what we've been practicing to do for all these years," and that's what if felt like. We felt privileged to be able to show our stuff. 
Bradick: No submariner likes to be detected period. Their business is stealth. When you found them, they didn't like it. They don't like that. 
Narrator: As the men of b-59 suffer in the heat, the sub has little power to escape the world's most advanced naval fleet. 
Bradick: Hunt to exhaustion. You would keep contact on the submarine until he had to surface because his batteries are going flat. So when his batteries were exhausted, he had to come to the surface and recharge his batteries. 
Slaughter: Frankly I don't think we felt very sympathetic at all. They were the enemy. 
Narrator: Kennedy has already ordered strict protocol upon finding an enemy sub. On no account should it be attacked. Rather they should drive it to the surface. 
Man: Here is the exact situation. We have depth charges that have such a small charge that they can be dropped and they can actually hit the submarine without damaging the submarine. They're practice depth charges. 

[00:39:01]


Kennedy: Think we ought to wait on that today. We don't want to have the first thing we attack as a soviet submarine. 
Narrator: Kennedy sends a message to moscow. His navy will now attempt to surface a soviet sub, but kennedy doesn't have the whole story. Moscow has had no contact with her subs. 
Ketov: We could only guess what was going on by watching what the americans were doing. Only by what we saw could we judge what was going on. Is there a war? What's happening? 
Narrator: The sub hunters have sonar devices capable of generating extreme, localized sounds. 
[Loud clang] 
Bradick: The sonar itself is like a big speaker like you havin your house. 
[Clang, feedback] 
Slaughter: Our sonar could essentially be used as an offensive weapon. 
[Clang] it was like there are 5 huge men pounding on the barrel, and every destroyer in any close proximity-- and there were 3 or 4 sort of circling round us-- were doing the same thing. It's got to drive them crazy. 
[Clang] 
Narrator: In washington, it's late afternoon. The entire crisis is now focused on a single soviet submarine, cornered and unpredictable. Tensions are at their breaking point. 
Stoessinger: I saw defense secretary mcnamara take dean rusk to the side and said, "the sun is setting. It could be the last sunset we will ever see," and that's when I got scared. 
Narrator: The americans have been tracking b-59 for two hours. 

[00:41:05]


[Clang] 
Slaughter: We weren't trying to kill them. We could we could have very easily killed that submarine. We wanted to harass it. We knew they were probably having difficulty breathing. It was hot as hell in there, it was miserable, they were cramped together, and they had been under great strain for a long time. So what we were trying to do is basically apply passive torture. 
[Clang] 
Bradick: The typical response would be if he wanted to come to the surface he would fire a flare, and we would say, "you're clear to surface," but that didn't happen. 
Narrator: The men aboard b-59 are frightened and confused. 
[Boom] with no new orders in over a week, b-59 has no idea the depth charges are meant as a warning. 
Slaughter: We dropped the 5 practice depth charges to invite the submarine to come to the surface. 
[Speaking russian] there is a specific signal that we have, and that is 3 explosions, grenade explosions, which means you have to surface. I don't know what the americans were doing, but it wasn't 3. 
Narrator: The american signal to surface is different from the russians'. Any word from moscow? 
Narrator: Communications have completely broken down. The cony's slow torture of b-59 continues for 5 hours. 
[Explosions] 
[beeping] we can't do anything until we hear from moscow. Leonenko, get to the bridge. 

[00:43:14]


Mikhailov: Savitski never lost it. He just made a decision. Sir! It's time to load the special weapon. Sir. Give me your key, masslenikov. 
Narrator: Withering temperatures exceeding 120 degrees, no contact with home... A ship virtually out of power... It's time to load the special weapon. And now seemingly under attack. Come on! We will sink all the fleet, but we will not humiliate russia. 
[Ketov speaking russian] savitski was an impulsive man, but in his mind at that moment, he made a correct decision. Give me your key, masslenikov. What are you thinking? Your key, masslenikov. 
Arkhipova: He had no rights because vasili was in charge. He was the commander of the fleet of all the ships, but savitski was the commander of this ship. "The commander is the second in command after god." These are the rules the submarines live by. 
[Explosion] we don't know that this is an attack. For all we know, they are trying to surface us. 
Narrator: The future of the world now rests on vasili arkhipov's shoulders. We have orders to defend ourselves. You may be captain of this ship, but I am commander of this fleet, and you need my permission. 

[00:45:14]


Ketov: Vasili arkhipov was our commander of the fleet. He was a submariner and a close friend of mine. He was a family friend. He stood out for being cool-headed. He was in control, he was a real submariner. Two of us have agreed. Do I have your permission? No. You need all 3 of us. 
[Arkhipova speaking russian] he knew that it was madness to fire a nuclear torpedo. Place the special weapon in the initial position and restore protection. 
[Arkhipova speaking russian] and especially that he lived through that and saw it. He didn't hesitate to say no. 
Slaughter: God only bless the man because what would have happened after that? We would have been a nuclear war with soviet russia, and there would maybe perhaps not be a world. It's time to make contact with the americans. 
Slaughter: We were already prepared to use nuclear weapons. We had all of our strategic aircraft ready to fly to russia armed with nuclear weapons, so there was no doubt in my mind that we would have nuclear exchange with the russians if their nuclear ballistic missiles worked. 

[00:47:15]


Narrator: Their cover blown, the ordeal for the men of b-59 is finally over. Each takes time to leave the sub and breathe fresh air. We were steaming very close to the submarine. He was on our-- the port side, the left side of the ship in the dark with the night lights on. I would say it was about midnight when i finally got up there to have a look at them. They weren't 7 feet tall, and they didn't have fangs coming out of their mouth. 
Slaughter: Now I personally never had seen a russian naval officer, and as far as i was concerned, he was from central casting. Dour, squatty faced, and he was he looked pretty mean actually. 
Narrator: The u.S. Navy makes no attempt to board b-59 as it lies outside kennedy's quarantine line. Instead, they point her in the direction of home. This never-before-seen footage shot from on board the cony shows the stricken sub. 
Slaughter: One of the second-class fire control technician, he was able to shoot some 8 millimeter film, and to see that film and that submarine going off away from our control was somewhat saddening because he was our catch. Only 1 of the 4 subs escaped detection, and none of the others came close to firing on the americans, by the end of october, a peace deal was brokered between washington and moscow. At the beginning of november, russian missiles, hidden under tarpaulins, were filmed being withdrawn from cuba. America agreed to remove her missiles from turkey. The cuban missile crisis was over... But for the submariners arriving home, there was disgrace. 

[00:49:46]


Blanton: What heroism, what duty they fulfilled to go halfway across the world and back and survive, and they were treated really shabbily. In fact, I think one of the soviet admirals told the commanders "it would have been better if you'd gone down with your ship." Extraordinary. "It would have been better had they drowned." You see, this is what they call a welcome. That's why vasili didn't like talking about it. He felt they hadn't appreciated what they had gone through. When I asked him about it, he said, "that's enough". 
Narrator: Arkhipov, the man who saved the world, eventually succumbed to radiation poisoning from the k-19 disaster. He became ill and died of kidney cancer, an affliction that took many others who served on the sub. It's taken 40 years for the true danger the world faced to come to light. In 2002, vadim orlov, told his story at a press conference. 
[Orlov speaking russian] 
Narrator: Before this, no one had any idea the subs were even armed with atomic weapons let alone that the actions a single man prevented one from being launched. 
[Arkhipova speaking russian] in cuba, in honor of the 40th anniversary of the crisis, people gathered. There was the american minister of defense McNAMARA, There were representatives from russia, and they were talking about that, and they said that the person who prevented a nuclear war was the russian submariner, vasili arkhipov. I was proud, and I am proud of my husband. Always. your exploration first, travel to the tundra - home of the snowy owl, nature next, nova defrosts the ultimate time capsule 

[00:52:17]


- the 5,000-year-old iceman This one find changes what we think about the past. Then, nova science now asks, how smart can we get? I have re-shaped my brain through piano lessons. This wednesday, pbs is your destination for exploration. 
Announcer: The iconic moments that have shaped our world... 
Man: It stretches human history way back. 
Announcer: The fine line between fiction and fact... 
man: THAT LEGEND JUST DOESN'T STAND UP AGAINST Reality. 
Announcer: Discoveries that bring the dead back to life, forensics that create clarity from chaos. The past gets rewritten when science and history collide... "Secrets of the dead." "Secrets of the dead" was made possible by contributions to your pbs statn from viewers like you. Thank you. Captioning made possible by friends of nci captioned by the national captioning institute 
--www.ncicap.org-- The "secrets of the dead" investigation continues online. For more in-depth analysis and streaming video of this and other episodes, visit pbs.Org. This "secrets of the dead" episode is available on dvd for $24.99 plus shipping. To order, call 1-800-336-1917. been years, Dayton Duncan and I had been interested in years in The Dust Bowl as a subject. And, at the heart of it, this is just a series of good stories. 

[00:54:43]


TIMOTHY EGAN: Every storyteller lives for a chance to tell a tale that hasn't been told. This is a huge significant part of the shared American tale... and weever told it. 
DAYTON DUNCAN: The people wh went through this, first of all, are old now, because this took place in the 1930s. So, they're pretty hardy folks, because they've already lived that long a life. They grew up in a rural place, where life is hard anyway, but through the hardest of hard times; The Dust Bowl and The Depression simultaneously laid over their young lives. 
TIMOTHY EGAN: It is a cautionary tale, but it's also a forward-moving story of human beings being caught in nature's wrath - how we react to those. And we love those kinds of stories; these tales of humans pushing nature too much. That's what this story is. 
KEN BURNS: This is a moment in which the world was turned upside-down; for ten years, hundreds of storms a year for these people. One particular storm moved and rearranged more dirt than all the dirt excavated in the more than ten years it took to build the Panama Canal. That's one day. And then you have a sense of the size of this thing. This is an amazing, amazing story, and we've got the footage, and we've got the photographs, and we've got the people to prove it. 
DAYTON DUNCAN: I think anybody watching this film will come away saying, "I never had any understanding about how bad it could really be." And I think that they will come away thinking that some of these people, these Americans who went through this, were incredibly tenacious, resilient, and courageous in surviving it. 
[music] 

﻿Title: Sesame Street - Baby Bear's Baby Doll
Description: Baby Bear doesn't want Telly to find out how much he loves his doll.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/21/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

- Yofeel like everyone's laughing at you. 
- "Ohh. So silly." Tening for the word embarrassedoday on "sesame street." 
- Embarrassed. - That's the word on the street. 
- Beaches family resorts is a proud sponsor of "sesame street" because families who play togetow together, sharing wondrous adventures and turning precious moments into a lifetime of memories. proud street," is helping families turn everyday moments into learning opportunities. ?????? ?????? you can find out more at pncgrowupgreat.Com. 
(boy) EARTH'S BEST ORGANIC Baby and toddler food is a proud sponsor of "sesame street." Nurturing your child the natural way is the earth's best way to grow. 
- Every day can be filled with rainbows when you eat healthy fruits and vegetables. Proud sponsor of "sesame street," united healthcare, helping people live healthier lives. 
- "Sesame street" is also brought to you by the corporation for public broadcasting. And...Viewers like you. Thank you. Captioning made possible by sesame workshop 
- ?????? can you tell me how to get? ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get? ?????? ?????? sunny day, sweeping the clouds away ?????? ?????? on my way to where the air is sweet ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get ?????? ?????? how to get to sesame street? ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get? ?????? ?????? come and play ?????? ?????? everything's a-ok ?????? 
- ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! ?????? Friendly neighbors there ??? ?????? that's where we meet ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get ?????? ?????? how to get to sesame street? ?????? ?????? can you tell me how get to sesame street? ?????? 

[00:02:11]


- [giggling] 
- [humming] there you go. All rightie. Your wee, little bibby is on. Uh, now are you hungry? Are you hung-a-ry? Ha ha ha! Ok. All rightie. Here we go. Here I your wee, little bah-bah. Yeah. There you go. Drink up. Drink up. There you go, my little sweetie pie. Ha ha ha! You are such a cute--ohh! Ahem. Hi. Ha ha. Uh, hello. Yes. Welcome to, uh--to sesame street. I was just, um--i was, uh-- oh, you see my sister curly, curly bear, she's over there. There she is. Yes. Well, she is, um--she's making me play dolls with her. Yeah. 
- Huh? 
- Yeah. So, you know, I'm just, uh--i'm just being a good big brother and playing along, you know, not that i like playing with dolls or anything. No. I just am-- 
- hey, baby-- baby bear, baby bear! There you are! There you are! 
- Hi, telly. It's you. I am surprised to see you. 
- Yeah! - But it is a pleasant surprise. It is nothing--there was nothing unusual abmy reaction at all, nothing. What can I do for you? 
- Um, I wanted to show you, I got a new toy! See? Ha ha ha! 
- Wow! A bulldozer! 
- Isn't it great? 
- That is a bea-u-ty. 
- Yeah. So come on. Let's go play with it. 
- What? You mean, like, now? 
- Oh. Sorry. I didn't know u were playing with something else. 
- What? What do you mean? 
- Um, uh-- 
- no. Oh. - Nothing. . You mean--you mean, that? Oh, no. This is--ha ha ha! That's curly's, uh, doll. Yeah. I was just, um, ahem--i was holding it, uh, for her. That's all. 
- Great! Then come on! Let's play! 
- Uh, ok. Right behind you, buddy. Ahem. Don't worry. Don't worry, Wee, Little Baby. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Daddy Bear won't be far. There. You get nice and comfy. Here's your bah-bah. OK. Bye-bye. 

[00:04:29]


- Ok. Let's bulldoze! 
- Yeah! Wait, wait, wait a second. 
- What, what, what? 
- Uh, you need a driver. 
- I do? - Yes, you do. Bulldozers, you know, they can't drive by themselves, you know? 
- You're right, you're right. We do need a driver. 
- Yes, we do. 
- Um, hey. How about this? 
- What? - Tyrannosaurus... 
- A dinosaur? - Bulldozer driver! 
- Telly, you got to be kidding. - What? 
- Dinosaurs can't drive. 
- They can't? 
- No! No, because there weren't any bulldozers around in dinosaur times. 
- Oh, right. - Yes. 
- What was I thinking? - I don't know. We need somebody else to be the driver, you know, someone like, um--oh! Someone like this. 
- A baby to drive a bulldozer?! 
- Well, uh--well, at least she's a human baby, um, and, you know, humans drive. 
- You make a good point. Ok. The baby's our driver. 
- Yes, she is. Here we go. 
- There we go. 
- All right, wee, little baby. Let's sit you down in the nice, little bulldozer. 
- Ha ha! Hey. Look at that! It's a prefect fit! 
- Wow! - Yeah! 
- You're right. 
- Vrrrmmm! Vrrrmmm! 
- Look at her go. 
- Whee! - Whee. 
- Whee! Ha ha ha! This is fun, wee, little baby, huh? 
- B-b-b-baby bear, could I have a turn? 
- Oh! Of course. Yeah. It's your bulldozer, buddy. Here we you go. 
- All right, all right, little baby. Let's see what this bulldozer can do. All right. Vrrrmmm, vrrrmmm, vrrrmmm! 
- Whoa! Whoa, whoa! Telly! Telly, what are you doing? 
- What? 
- Too rough! Too rough! You could have hurt wee, little baby. 
- But it's just a doll. 
- Come here, wee, little--hmm? 
- Just a doll. 
- Uh, yeah, of course she's just a doll to--to--to you and me, but, uh--but, uh, this is a very special doll to curly. Look how upset she is! 

[00:06:37]


- She is? 
- Shiny. 
- Curly, don't worry. Wee, little baby is ok. 
- Sorry about that, curly. 
- Huh? 
- Let's see, telly. I think we're just gonna have to find something else to play, you know? 
- Well, I do have some action figures with me today. Maybe we could play with them! Come on! 
- Ok. That sounds great! Let's do it! Ha ha! Don't worry, wee, little baby. Daddy will play with you, too. 
- Here are the superheroes all safe in their flower pot, and, uh, and there's the action tapir, and there's gail, and out jumps the... The kangaroo, a tiny kangaroo. He jumps, and he jumps into the tree, and he jumps, and he jumps, and, oh, he has jumped too high. He is stuck in the tree, the poor baby kangaroo! What superhero can save the kangaroo now? 
- I know! 
- What? You got something? 
- I got something great. 
- Oh, good. 
- It's superbaby! 
- What? What are you doing? 
- What? We need a hero. 
- But she's a baby! 
- Uh, no. As a matter of fact, ta-da! Look at that. She's superbaby! Yes, and she is just the right size to reach that poor trapped wee, little kangaroo. 
- All right. Superbaby can be our hero! Go to it! 
- Superbaby flies in. Whoosh! She reaches up to rescue the poor, helpless kangaroo, and, yes, ladies and gentlemen, she has done it! Superbaby to the rescue! 
- Yay! 
- Way to go, superbaby. 
- Except--except... - What? 
- This is no ordinary kangaroo, no. This is an evil robot kangaroo from the planet boingy, and he's come to defeat superbaby. I will defeat you! Boingy, boingy, boingy. 

[00:08:46]


- Hey, whoa, whoa! Hey, whoa, whoa! Telly, telly, again with the roughness? 
- What? 
- You have got to be gentle with wee, little baby. 
- Why? 
- Well, because, uh--um, because, you know? Becaus, um, how much it upsets curly bear, yep. Mm-hmm. See? Look at that. 
- She doesn't look upset to me. 
- Well, that's because she internalizes a lot. You know, she keeps her feelings on the inside. Yeah, but believe me, she's really upset! 
- Heh heh heh. 
- Sorry about that, curly bear! 
- Huh? 
- Uh, you know, let's just, uh-- let's forget about, um, the action figures. Um, I don't know. Is there something else that we can play? 
- Uh, let's see. Let's play a little football. 
- Hey! A game of catch? 
- We'll toss the ball around. 
- Yeah, man. A game of catch. Let's go! Now you're talking! 
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Great. Let's play. 
- Ok. Yeah. You know who would be great at catching a ball? 
- You? - No, not me, but wee, little baby. 
- Seriously? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Check out, uh--check out wee, little baby's hands. Look at that. They were, like, made for catching. 
- Are you sure? 
- Trust me. She's a natural. 
- All right, then. Wee, little baby, go out for a long pas 
- ok. Here we go. Wee, little baby's going deep! Wee, little baby's wide open. 
- Here we go. Here we go. 
- Throw it. Throw it! 
- Here you go! 
- Throw the--yes! Wee, little baby caught the ball, and the game is over, and the crowd goes crazy! Ahh! Yahh! 
- Tackle! 
- Whoa! Telly! What are you doing to my doll? 
- Your doll? This is your doll? 
- Uh...Uh... Uh...Ohh! 
- But--but...Huh? 
- Ohh. Oh, dear. Oh, boy. Oh. Oh. 

[00:10:51]


- ?????? Da da da da ?????? 
- ohh. 
- Hey, baby bear 
- huh? Oh, uh, hi, gordon. 
- Are you ok? 
- No, no, gordon. I am definitely not ok. 
- Well, what's going on, baby bear? 
- Well, you see, something happened when I was playing with telly, and I just feel so--so-o-- 
- so, what, sad? 
- No, no. It's, um, so, um-- 
- uh, angry. 
- No, no. - Hurt? 
- No. You know the feeling when you find, um--when somebody finds out something that you didn't want them to know and you just, like, want to run away and hide because you ink they might laugh at you? 
- It sounds like you feel embarrassed. 
- Yes, that's it. Yes. I'm so embarrassed. 
- So, uh, what are you embarrassed about, baby bear? 
- I don't want to say. It's too embarrassing. 
- Well, look. I won't laugh at you, ok? And, you know, it might help to talk about it. 
- Well, ok. See, there's this special...Toy that I really, uh, like to play with, and I didn't want telly to know how much I love it, but now he knows. 
- Oh. Well, what's this, uh, special toy? 
- Well, it's, uh... It's a doll. 
- A doll? 
- A doll. 
- Uh-huh. And? 
- Well, did you hear what I said? It's a--it's a doll, and I like to play with a doll, a baby doll, and I like to dress her and feed her and pretend that I'm her daddy bear. 
- Mm-hmm. So? 
- So? Gordon, I'm a boy, and dolls are for girls! 
- Says who? There's no reason why something should be just for girls or just for boys. 
- There's not? 
- No. Hey. You know, look at this shirt. You know, there are some people who think that the color pink is just for girls. 
- Well, isn't it? - No. I like to wear pink, younow, and there's nothing wrong with that. 

[00:12:55]


- Well, I guess it does bring out the rosiness in your cheeks. 
- Oh, well, thanks, and list. If you love your doll and it makes you happy, there's no reason to be embarrassed about that. It's just part of what makes you you. 
- Really? 
- Absolutely. And besides, playing daddy to your baby doll is great practice for when you get older and become a real daddy bear. 
- Hey. Yeah, yeah, you know? I guess real daddies take care of real babies all the time. 
- That's right. Of course. They love th, they care for them, they protect them. 
- Well, just like what I do with wee, little baby. 
- That's right, absolutely, and you know what? With all the practice that you're getting, I bet you'll be a great daddy. 
- Do you think so? 
- Oh, I know so. 
- Wow! Imagine that! Me a real daddy bear. 
- That's right. 
- You know what, gordon? - What? 
- I think you're right. I love pretending to be wee, little by's daddy, and i don't want to hide that from my best friend. 
- That's right. 
- You know what? I got to go tell telly the truth! 
- Yes! - Ok. Thanks, gordon. 
- Ok. - All right! 
- Anytime! 
- Hey, uncle gordon. - Hey, chris. 
- Hey. Nice shirt. Really brings out the rosiness in your cheeks. 
- Thanks. - Yeah. Is that my size? 
- Uh, no. - Ok. 
- Hmm. 
- [Humming] 
- uh, telly. 
- Oh. Heh. There you are. Hey. Where you been? 
- Uh, I ran away. I was embarrassed. There was something I didn't tell you. 
- Well, what is it, buddy? 
- Well, wee, little baby is my doll, and I love to play with her. 
- Aw, hey. Yeah, I know what you mean. This dl is great. I've been playing with her since you left. 
- You have?! 
- Oh, yeah. I was just giving her some lunch. Oh, you like your yummy lunch, don't you, don't you? Yes, she does. 

[00:14:56]


- So, you mean, you actually like wee, little baby. 
- Who doesn't like a baby? Ha ha ha! I can see why you wanted her to play in all of our games today. 
- Well, she is a great doll! Hey. You know what she likes after a bottle? 
- What? 
- To be burped. 
- Ooh! Can I do that? 
- Knock yourself out, buddy boy! 
- Yeah. Hold that. - Ok. 
- Just like this? - Put over you shoulder, yeah. And just kind of gently pat her back and then wait and listen, yeah. 
- Erp! - There it is! 
- Ha ha ha! 
- That was a good one! 
- Hey. Let's see if we can get another one out of her. 
- Yeah, ok. Let's listen. Errrrp! 
- Whoa! Yes, sir. - That was a good one. 
- Who's a healthy girl? Yes, you are. 
- She is pretty cute. 
- Yeah. You want to hold her? 
- Oh, sure. 
- Hi, I'm seth. - Ooh. And elmo's elmo. 
- And we are here to tell you all about today's word. 
- Uh, excuse elmo, mr. Seth. 
- Yeah. Elmo, what's up? 
- Um, elmo--mr. Seth has something on his head. 
- I do. - Yes? 
- What do I have up there? 
- Um, elmo thinks--let me see. Yeah, elmo thinks it's cheese. 
- Cheese? - Yeah. 
- Again? Oh, man. I am so embarrassed. 
- What? Mr. Seth is embarrassed? 
- Of course! I don't anybody to see me with dairy products on my head. They might make fun of me. Hey, cheese! 
- Oui, mr. Rogen? 
- Can you get down from my head, please? 
- But of course. 
- Oh, wow. I am totally embarrassed right now. 
- That's ok, that's ok, mr. Seth, that's ok. 
- Ok. Let's just tell everyone about today's word. 
- Seth rogen. Special delivery for mr. Seth rogen. 
- Oh, boy! A delivery? I'm seth rogen. What did I get? 
- Stinky foot powder. 
- Stinky foot powder? Uh, well, that's, uh--that's not for me. 
- Yeah, but didn't you just say that your name was mr. Seth rogen? 
- Yeah, I did, but, um--ok! It's my stinky foot powder, all right? 

[00:16:56]


- Eww! - It's mine! I have stinky feet, stinky feet that require powder. 
- Well, that's perfect! Here's your stinky foot powder. Ha ha! 
- I have thafeeling again. I didn't want anybody to know about that, and now I feel like I can't even face anyone. You know what I feel? 
- Embarrassed? 
- Yes, embarrassed! Plus I never got to show everyone today's word. 
- Well, actual, mr. Seth did. 
- What do you mean, elmo? 
- Well, mr. Seth showed everyone today's word. 
- I don't understand. What's today's word? 
- Embarrassed! 
- Embarrassed? - Yeah. 
- And I was embarrassed. 
- Yeah. - Twice! 
- Uh-uh. - Oh, great! I did it! Yes! ?????? I showed everyone the word ?????? ?????? I showed everyone the word ?????? ?????? I did ?????? 
- yeah. 
- Guess what, elmo. 
- Yeah. Mr. Seth just showed everyone the word again. 
- Yeah. Embarrassed. - Embarrassed. It's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok. 
- Abby's flying fairy school is coming soon, but first, we're gonna figure out the letter of the day! Hee hee hee! Ovejita! Bring out the letter of the day clues. Ha ha ha! - Hee hee hee! 
- Ooh! Our first clue is a kettle. 
[Whistling] wonder what the letter can be. You have another clue, ovejita? 
- Mm-hmm. 
- Ohh! Ow. Ha ha ha! Ooh! A keyboard! We have a kettle and a keyboard. I think I got it. Oh, but I want to be sure. Ovejita, I need another clue! Wait, wait, wait! I think I'll stand over here. Ok. Ready for the clue? Whoa! - Ooh! 
- Ha ha ha! Ooh! A kangaroo! We have a kettle and a keyboard and a kangaroo. I know the letter of the day. Do you? It must be the letter "k"! Ha ha ha! Come on. Let's hop like kangaroos and see more of the letter "k"! 

[00:19:13]


- "K"! "K"? "K"? 
- Sss. "S". 
- "K"? 
- Sss. "S". 
- "K"? 
- Rawwr! "L"! 
- "K"? 
- "L"! 
[Purrs] 
- "k"? 
- "B"! 
- "K"? 
- "B"! 
- "K"? 
- "K"! 
- "K"! - "K"! "K". 
- It's time for... 
- Abby's flying fairy school! 
- Yeah! 
[Horn honks] 
- ?????? look up high in the sky ?????? ?????? it's a school, it can fly ?????? 
- ?????? let's all hurry to the flying fairy school ?????? ?????? grab your wands ?????? 
- yee-ha! 
- ?????? Bring your wings ?????? - yeah! 
- ?????? We will learn magic things ?????? 
- ?????? let's all hurry to the flying fairy school ?????? ?????? how to make us grow ?????? ?????? and how to make us shrink ?????? 
- whoa! 
- ?????? How to solve a problem with a simple twinkle think ?????? ?????? the school is really magic ?????? ??? and magic's really cool ?????? ?????? let's go in, let's begin ?????? ?????? it's flying fairy school ?????? 
- ha ha ha! 
- Ha ha! 

[00:21:15]


- Hello. Welcome to flying fairy school. Today, we're on a field trip to colonial trolliamsberg! 
- Yay! - Ha ha! We're going to play real troll games and hear true troll stories and listen to authentic troll music! Ha ha! 
- You're half-troll, blogg. Tell us what it's like! Tell us what it's like! 
- Yeah, yeah. 
- Trolliamsberg, schmolliamsberg. 
- Oh, well, I wouldn't call it schmolliamsberg, blogg. In fact, a trip to colonial trolliamsberg can be quite smashing! Now please discontinue use of all wands and return your desks to their full and upright position. The school is coming in for a landing! All right, class. Follow me. 
- Halt! - Aah! 
- You cannot cross the bridge into colonial trolliamsberg until you answer a riddle. 
- Oh, no! A riddle is tricky enough, but a troll riddle? We'll never be able to figure this out. 
- Oh, sure, we will. Blogg knows everything there is to know about being a troll! 
- Hmm. What do you know? A troll with wings. 
- Wings? No. These aren't wings! 
- Huh? 
- They're, um, uh--oh, armpit coolers. Yeah. Ha ha! See? Oh, how curiously refreshing. 
- [Sniffs] you mind sprucing up your pits somewhere else, kid? It's burning my retinas. 
- Well, it looks like blogg isn't up for any riddles. Why don't you fairies try to figure it out yourselves? 
- Great idea! What's the riddle, mr. Bridge troll sir? 
- Ahem. What has one line down and one line across and you need it to tickle and tie and toss? 

[00:23:20]


- Boy, this is a tough riddle. I wonder what's the same about tickle and tie and toss. Looks like we can use some help to spot the solution. Oh, spot, spot! 
[Barks] ha ha ha! Hey, spot. Whas one line down and one line across and you need it to tickle and tie and toss? 
- Fetch, spot, fetch! 
[Barking] 
- what does the alphabet have to do with solving our problem? 
- Let's twinkle think. 
- Twinkle think, twinkle think, twinkle think. 
- I got it! - Ohh! 
- The alphabet has letters. Maybe the answer is a letter. Let's think this through. One line down and one line across. 
- Ttt, ttt tickle, ttt, ttt tie. Hey. "T" begins the words tickle and tie and tos the answer has to be the letter "t"! 
- Yeah! 
- Right you are, and "t" also begins ticket, and that answer is your ticket to trolliamsberg. 
- Whoo-hoo! - Yay! 
- [Panting] eee! Eep! Eee! Ha ha! 
- Whoa, whoa, whoa! No flash photography! 
- Eep eep! 
- Blogg, why did you say your wings aren't wings? 
- No reason. 
- Come one, come all. Estimate how many trolls it takes to make an ear wax candle! Heh heh heh! 
- Estimate? 
- It's a thoughtful guess. 
- Aw. I can't guess something like that. Ask blogg. He's a troll. He'll know. 

[00:25:27]


- Whoa! A troll with wings! 
- Wings? No. These aren't wings they're, um--ooh! It's a backpack! Hee hee! See? Nothing out of the ordinary here. No, siree. 
- Looks like blogg isn't in an estimating mood. Anyone else care to take a guess. 
- Ok. I'll give it a shot. The candle holder's kind of big, and trolls have kind of big ears with quite a lot of ear wax, so I'll guess 6. 
- And I estimate--hmm--3. 
- Now let's find out how many trolls it takes to make an ear wax candle. 
- Whoa, whoa, whoa! 1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6! Whoa!6 trolls it is. 
- You estimated right, gonnigan! 
- Oh! 
- And you win the candle! 
- Ohh! 
- Eep eep! 
- Aah! Ehh. No flash photography. 
- Eep eep eep! 
- Garfunkel the griffin--next show in 5 minutes. 
- Holy parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme! We're going to see garfunkel! 
- Whoo-hoo! Come on, blogg! 
- Ok. Let me slip into something more comfortable first. Ooh! Cozy! 
- Ahh. 
- Ladies and gentlemen, the art of garfunkel. 
- Ooh! 
- [Screeches] 

[00:27:27]


- ohh! 
- [Muttering] 
- ohh! 
- [Screeching] 
- don't panic, everyone. A troll just needs to whisper the words "nap time" in his ear, and all we will hear are the sounds of silence from garfunkel. Ahem. Nap time. 
- [Screech] 
- nap time! 
- [Screeching] 
- ok. Whispering from down here is not doing the job. 
- Maybe I can solve this problem. Nap time. 
- [Screeching] 
- sorry, little fairy liebchen, but it has to be a troll who whispers the words. 
- Blogg, is there anyone you know who might be able to help in a situation like this? 
- But they'll see my wings. They'll see that I'm different. 
- Sometimes, differences make the difference. 
- Huh. Aah! 
- [Gasp] 
- you can do it, blogg! You're the troll! 
- And the fairy! 
- [Grunting] nap time. 
- [Snoring] 
- [cheering] 
- wow! Look at those wings. 
- You're the coolest guy ve ever seen. 
- Oh, ho! Let's hear it for the troll with the wings. 
- Yay! 
- Boy, I love being a troll, and I love being a fairy. 
- Eep eep! 
- Ooh! 
- No flash photography! 

[00:29:27]


- Super grover 2.0 will appear very soon, but right now, it's time for magic murray! I need a volunteer! May I have a--whoa! Ha ha ha! Hi! What's your name? 
- Sarika. 
- Sarika, can you help me by picking a card? 
- Yes. - Great. Don't show me the card but show everyone else. All right. Is it 1, 2? Is it the number 2? 
- Yes! 
- Whoa! Ha ha! I did it! Magic murray does it again. Now let's see more magic from number 2. 
[Playing rock music] 
- ?????? oh, I want to count to 10 now ?????? ?????? but it's something I can't do ?????? ?????? 'cause I don't have all the numbers ?????? ?????? no, a monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? ?????? and when I heard him shout, "cowabunga" ?????? ?????? that's when I knew that my counting was through ?????? ?????? and I can't count any higher ?????? ?????? now the monster went and my red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? oh, oh ?????? 
- ?????? he was watching while I counted to 1 ?????? ?????? I was smiling because counting's so much fun ?????? 
- cowabunga! 
- ?????? But he took my 2 ?????? ?????? and then he ate it for his lunch ?????? ?????? now my counting's over before it's begun ?????? ?????? oh, I'm feeling so sad now ?????? 
- ?????? hey, why is that? ?????? 
- ?????? 'cause my number got chewed ?????? 
- ?????? that's too bad ?????? 
- ?????? there are tears in my eyes ?????? 
- ?????? mr. Elvis, how sad ?????? 
- ?????? how I'm cboo-hoo ?????? ?????? will I ever count to 10 ?????? ?????? now that a monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? oh, oh ?????? 
- ?????? elmo said ?????? 
- ?????? don't worry, elmo knows that to do ?????? 

[00:31:29]


- ?????? he ran right out and came back with another 2 ?????? 
- ?????? elmo's friend mr. Elvis ?????? ?????? can start counting once again ?????? 
- ?????? and with this brand-new 2 ?????? ?????? I can count up to 10 ?????? ?????? now I'm feeling so happy ?????? ?????? I fee like shouting, "yahoo" ?????? 
- ?????? me still feeling hungry ?????? cowabunga! 
- ?????? Cookie monster went and ate the new red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? oh, when I heard him shouting, "cowabunga" ?????? ?????? that's when I knew that my counting was through ?????? ?????? and I can't count any higher ?????? ?????? now the monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? a monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? a monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? a monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? red 2 ?????? 
- ?????? a monster went and ate my red 2 ?????? 
- hey, nika. Wt's coming up next? 
- Super grover! 
- Oh, boy! 
- He observes. 
- Oh, look! No! No! Aah! 
- He questions. 
- Hubba-wha? 
- He investigates. 
- Hmm. What does this button do? Aah! 
- Super grover 2.0! He shows up! In a world where love can be hard to find, some things can be even harder to find. 
- Darling, I love you. Will you make me happy as a clam and marranme? Ahh! 
- Oh, my stars! Yes, yes, yes, yes! 
- Oh, oh. 

[00:33:30]


- Ohh! Ohh! Oh, no! 
- I'm all right. 
- Where's my ring? 
- I don't know, honey. Did you see where it landed? 
- Oh, no. It's lost in the sand. How will we ever find it? 
- Ohh! 
- Wait. Do you hear that sound? 
- The heroic music? 
- No. The other sound like a sick walrus. 
- Aah! Ohh! 
[Grunting] 
[sputtering] gree it is I super grover 2.--Pppttt--0! 
- We are so glad you showed up. 
- It is what I do. Now how can I help? 
- Well, I've lost my engagement ring somewhere on this beach. Can you help us? 
- Have no fear! I shall unleash my powers of observation and have a look-see. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well, no wonder you cannot find your ring. This whole place is covered in sand. 
- Well, yes. It is a beach. 
- The ring is somewhere in the sand. 
- Hmm. I shall once again unleash my powers of observation and get a closer look-see. Unleash! I shall pick up this sand and--i shall pick up this sand and--why is it so hard to pick up this sand? 
- Because sand is made up of many tiny pieces of rock or shell. It just falls through the spaces between your fingers. 
- Huh? So what does-- but then how do you explain this? 
- That shell must have been in the sand. The little pieces of sand fell between your fingers, and the bigger shell got sifted out. 
- Hey. Maybe that's how I can find my ring. We can use something to sift it out of the sand. 
- Yes. Something with a hole in it so the sand will fall through but the ring won't. 

[00:35:36]


- Stand back. I shall now unleash the power of technology. Let's see what tools I have in my utility sack. Aha! This should do the trick! 
- A bagel? 
- It does have a hole, but will it really work as a sifter? 
- Let us investigate and try to sift, sift, sift. Heh heh. 
- It's no good. The sand falls through, but so does everything else. Nothing got sifted out. The hole is too big. 
- Oh, ok. I will just put it back in my sock then. 
- Awk! - Aah! 
- Hey, my bagel! I was planning on eating that! 
- Oh, we're never going to find my ring. 
- Oh, there, there, my little starlet. We just need something with smaller holes. 
- Ahh. I know just the thing. Aha! - Swiss cheese? This was in your sock? 
- I get very hungry on the job. 
- Well, swiss cheese does have smaller holes, but will it make a good sifter? 
- Time to investigate and sift, sift, sift. 
- It's not working. The swiss cheese doesn't have enough holes, so the sand can't go through. That's not a good sifter after all. 
- Oh, well. I will just save it for snack time later. 
- Awk! - Aah! Hey! My cheese! The gall of that gull. - Awk! 
- Oh! My ring is going to be lost forever! 
- Oh, don't worry, my shining star. All we really need is something with a lot of holes, a lot tiny h es. Don't you have any tools like that in your sweat sock? 
- Utility sock. Let me check. Hmm. All I have left in here is this spaghetti strainer. 
- Ohh! Wait! That could work! It's got tiny holes and lots of them. This is just what we need to sift the tiny sand and find my ring! Start sifting! 

[00:37:47]


- All right, all right. Sift, sift, sift, but I do not think it will work. After all, this is meant for spaghetti. It is not going to help us find a-- 
- oh! It's my ring! Now we can get married. 
- Aw. Congratulations. This calls for a celebration. I keep a cake in my other sock for special occasions just such as this. Ah, ha ha ha! 
- Awk! 
- Oh, no, you don' 
- mm-hmm. 
- Ohh! 
- And so using his superpowers of observation and investigation, our hero found that a sifter is a tool that helps separate small and large pieces. 
- No, no. This is not for you, not for you. No! 
- [Cawing] 
- elmo's world is coming soon, but right now, it's time to play "what's missing?" Look close and tell me what's missing. 
[Clock ticking] see it? Ha ha ha! Yeah, right! My nose! 
[Ding ding ding] ha ha ha! 
[Sniffs] ooh! I think I smell elmo's world will be on the way, but right now, check this out. 
[Guitar strumming] 
- ?????? somebody, come and play ?????? ?????? somebody, come and play today ?????? ?????? somebody, come and smile the smiles ?????? ?????? and sing the songs ?????? ?????? it won't take long ?????? ?????? somebody, come and play today ?????? ?????? somebody,ome and play ?????? ?????? somebody, come and play my way ?????? ?????? somebody, come and rhyme the rhymes ?????? ?????? and laugh the laughs ?????? ?????? it won't take time ?????? ?????? somebody, come and play today ?????? 

[00:39:56]


- ?????? somebody, come with me and see ?????? ?????? the pleasure in the wind ?????? ?????? somebody, see the time is getting late to begin ?????? 
- ?????? somebody, come and play ?????? ?????? somebody, come and play today ?????? ?????? somebody, come and be my friend ?????? ?????? and watch the sun till it rains again ?????? ?????? somebody, come and play today ?????? ?????? today ?????? ?????? today ?????? 
[school bell ringing] 
- hey, guys. What's up next? 
- Elmo! 
- Oh, yeah! 
- ?????? La la la la ?????? ?????? la la la la ?????? ?????? elmo's world ?????? ?????? la la la la ?????? ?????? la la la la ?????? ?????? elmo's world ?????? ?????? elmo loves his goldfish ?????? ?????? his crayon, too ?????? yeah! Ha ha ha! ?????? That's elmo's world ?????? hi. Welcome to elmo's world. Oh, elmo's so happy so see you, ooh, and so is dorothy. Say hello, dorothy. Ha ha! Guess what elmo is thinking about today. ?????? Ya da da da ?????? 
[steam whistle blows] oh, ha ha ha! Loud, huh? Oh, look at that. Look at all those people, those people and big machines building something. Ha ha ha! Boy. Elmo is thinking about building things. You know--building things. Ha ha ha! Wow. Dorothy has been thinking about building things, too, and dorothy has a question. 

[00:42:33]


- Oh. What's going on? - Excuse me. Excuse me, elmo. Coming through. I'm building something. 
- But, telly--wow. Telly, telly-- 
- wait, wait. I'm in the middle of something here. 
- What's going on? - Wait till you see what it is. 
- Ha ha ha! Oh. What's that, dorothy? What's that? Oh, ok. Dorothy has a question. How do you build a tower with blocks? Oh, great question, dorothy. Hmm. Let's ask mr. Noodle. Mr. Noodle! Oh, thanks, shade. Oh, ha ha ha! Hi. It's mr. Noodle's sister miss noodle. Oh, hi, miss noodle. Hi. Hi, hi, hi, hi. Hi. Ha ha ha! Aw, ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Oh, thank you, miss noodle. Oh, miss noodle, dorothy has a question. How do you build a tower with blocks? Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Huh? Ha ha ha! 
- Ok. Got itss noodle? 
- What's that? 
- Miss noodle! Those aren't blocks. 
- That's broccoli, miss noodle. You eat it. It's very good for you. 
- Miss noodle, you don't build a tower with broccoli. 
- You eat it. 
- Ha ha ha! Oh, don't do that. Yeah. You eat broccoli. 
- You need blocks, miss noodle. 
- Blocks. Ok. Now she's got it. Good job, miss noodle. 
- Now make a tower. No. 
- Not like that, miss noodle. That's sideways. Yeah. You're making a train. 
- Towers go up. - That's side by side. 
- Miss noodle! 

[00:44:36]


- Yeah. You got it. - There you go. 
- Keep going till you're out of blocks. 
- Now you're building a tower. 
- Good job, miss noodle. - Very good. 
- Don't forget the triangle. - That's the top piece. 
- It's gonna be the tippy top. 
- No, not that way. The other way. 
- It won't work like that. That's it. - Yay! 
- Good job, miss noodle. 
- You go, girl. Miss noodle did it. 
- Ha ha ha! Oh...Oops. 
- Oops. The blocks fell. 
- Oh, don't worry, miss noodle. 
- That's ok. You can build it again. 
- Yeah. - Just build it again. 
- Ha ha ha! - Wow, she's quick. 
- See? Isn't that fun? - ?????? Ta-da ?????? 
- ha ha ha! Boy, that's the way the tower tumbles. Ha ha ha! What's that, dorothy? Oh, ok. Dorothy wants to ask someone else. How do you build a tower th blocks? 
- This is how I build a tower with blocks, dorothy. 
- I can make a castle with dominoes, dorothy, and this is the tower... And this is the moat. 
- Thanks, kids, and thanks, dorothy. Now elmo will ask a baby. Ha ha ha! Oh, hello, baby. Ha ha ha! Baby, how do you build a tower with blocks? Ha ha ha! Oh, thank you, baby. Mwah! Ha ha ha! And now elmo has a question-- 

[00:46:38]


- coming through. Coming through. Hey, elmo, it's time to saw now. Ha ha ha! Wait till you see what I'm building. 
- Ha ha ha! Oh, boy. Elmo saw telly with a saw. Oh, wow. Look at that. Ha ha ha! Drawer is being a saw. Can you use a crane, a telephe, or a spaceship to build things? 
- A crane. - Yeah. You can build a skyscraper with a crane. 
- Can you use a banana, a birthday cake, or a screwdriver to build things? 
- A screwdriver. 
- A screwdriver screws in a screw. 
- Can you use a mailbox, a jackhammer, or a refrigerator to build things. 
- No. None of those. 
- But you can use a jackhammer before you build things. 
- It breaks things apart. 
- Breaks things apart? Ah, that's for me. Ha ha! Blblblblblblbl! Blblblblblblbl! 
- Oscar! Ha ha ha! Thanks, drawer. Elmo's friend kate likes to build things, too. She built a doghouse with her daddy and told elmo all about it. Telly. Ha! 
- My dog's name is luke, and he loves to play with me, but he needed a doghouse, so my dad and I decided to build him one. First, my dad and I drew a plan of what the doghouse would look like. That was fun. Then we went to the hardware store to get all the things we needed. We got the wood... And I picked the paint color. Then we started to build the doghouse. Dad cut the wood with a table saw. I helped. Dad put the frame together with screws. Then we hammered on the sides. I got to hammer, too. Next, we made the roof. It takes a lot of hammering in nails to make a doghouse. It's not easy, and you have to be careful. Then we painted it. My sister helped. Painting was my favorite part... And when it was dry, it was ready for luke to live in. Luke loves his doghouse, and I love luke. 

[00:49:58]


- Great doghouse, kate. Now elmo wants to learn even more about building things. Don't you? How can we find out more? Hmm...Oop. Oh! Boy, tv sounds just like a table saw. Oh, elmo knows. We can watch the building things channel. Ooh, turn yourself on, tv. Thank you. 
- Welcome to the building things channel, where if you build it, they will come, and here is the construction lady. 
- Hi. I'm a construction worker. That means I build things, and when I build things, I always like to do the construction song and dance. If you had a hammer, you'd hammer with me. Wait! We don't need hammers. We can pretend. ?????? Hammer, hammer, hammer ?????? ?????? hammer, hammer, hammer ?????? ?????? hammer with your mama ?????? ?????? hammer with your grandma ?????? what a lyric. Hammerstein, eat your heart out. Let's saw now. ?????? Saw, saw, saw ?????? ?????? saw, saw, saw ?????? ?????? saw with your ma ?????? ?????? saw with your pa ?????? now let's mix the cement. Come on. Pretend you're a cement mixer. ?????? Mix, mix, mix ?????? ?????? mix, mix, mix ?????? ?????? mix with some chicks ?????? ?????? mix with 6 chicks ?????? now pretend all of them together. ?????? Hammer, hammer, hammer ?????? ?????? saw, saw, saw ?????? ?????? mix, mix, mix ?????? come on, folks. Mix it up. ?????? Hammer, hammer, hammer ?????? ?????? saw, saw, saw ?????? ?????? mix, mix, mix ?????? now it's time for the nap song and dance. If you don't feel like aap, you can pretend. ?????? Nap, nap, nap ?????? ?????? saw, saw... ?????? ?????? saw ?????? 
- stay tuned for "nailhouse rock." 
- Thanks, tv. And now-- 
- elmo, elmo, lookit. 
- Huh? - I am finished. Look what I built, elmo. - Ok. 

[00:52:00]


["Also sprach zarathustra" playing on kazoos] 
- isn't it beautiful? Look at that. Perfection. Ha ha ha! Got to go, elmo. Bye. 
- Bye, t- ly. Ha ha ha! Boy, terrific triangle building, telly, but elmo still wants to learn more about building things. How can elmo find out more? 
[Pounding] who could that be? Wow! 
- Hey, you want to talk to a bulldozer? 
- Huh? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah. Elmo could talk to a bulldozer. Yay! 
- Dig it, man. You want the dirt on me? 
- Well, sure. Ha ha ha! 
- Well, I'm a machine that does heavy lifting and pushing on a construction site. 
- Well, how does bulldozer do that? 
- With my blade. Ch ch! Rrrrrr! 
- Oh! Ha ha ha! 
- Rrrrrr! 
- Oh, cool. - Cool, huh? 
- Yeah. Cool. 
- And I got tracks, too. Get a load of those. I have them instead of wheels. - Oh. 
- Look out. Backing up. - Ok. 
- Beep beep beep beep beep. Oh, look. A wall. Oh, boy. - Huh? What? What? What? Hey! Hey! Wait, wait. Hey, hey. Bulldozer is moving elmo's wall. Bulldozer! 
- Sorry. Got a little carried away there. 
- Well, how does bulldozer know which way to go? 
- Well, I've got controls, see, right up there in my cab. 
- Oh! 
- A construction worker uses them to drive me. 
- Oh. Look, look, look, look. Dorothy is imagining elmo as a construction worker driving a bulldozer. 

[00:54:06]


- A construction worker uses the controls inside the bulldozer to push dirt and lift it up with the blade. Then the construction worker drives the bulldozer someplace else and dumps the dirt. 
- Oh, no. Oh... Oh... Oh, my. Pbbt! Oughs] it's a dirty job, but someone has to do it. 
[Coughs] ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! 
- Cool and constructive. 
- Yeah. Elmo loves building things. Oh, so does dorothy. That's why dorothy wants us to sing the building things song. 
- I'm a real pushover for that song. 
- Then sing with elmo. Everybody sing. ?????? Doo doo doo doo doo ?????? 
- ?????? building things, building things ?????? ?????? building, building things ?????? 
- come on, everybody. 
- ?????? Building things, building things ?????? ?????? building, building things ?????? ?????? building things, building things ?????? ?????? building, building things ?????? ?????? building things, building things ?????? ?????? building, building things ?????? 
- say good-bye, dorothy. Say good-bye, bulldozer. 
- Good-bye. - ?????? Doo doo doo ?????? ?????? doo ba ba doo doo ba ba doo ?????? ?????? doo doo doo ?????? ?????? doo doo doo doo doo ?????? ?????? building things ?????? 
- ?????? that's elmo's world ?????? 
- ha ha ha! Ah, bulldozer. Bye-bye. Elmo loves you. 
- "Sesame street" was brought to you today by the letter "k" and by the number 2. This is murray saying see you next time on the street. Peace! Today's show is brought to you by the national endowment of running feet! Run! Run! Run! We keep you running! 

[00:56:22]


Announcer: It's "super why!" 
Super Why: We're the super readers! 
Red: Let's roll. Spell with me! Let's give ourselves a big thumbs-up. 
Announcer: "Super why!" Weekdays on pbs kids or watch anytime you want at pbskids.Org. 
- Beaches family resorts is a proud sponsor of "sesame street" because families who play together grow together, sharing wondrous adventures and turning precious moments into a lifetime of memories. ] proud street," is helping families turn everyday moments into learning opportunities. ?????? ?????? you can find out more at pncgrowupgreat.Com. 
- Every day can be filled with rainbows when you eat healthy fruits and vegetables. Proud sponsor of "sesame street," united healthcare, helping people live healthier lives. 
- "Sesame street" is also brought to you by earth's best organic, the corporation for public broadcasting, and... Captioning made possible by sesame workshop captioned by the national captioning institute 
--www.ncicap.org-- 
- Go to pbskids.Org to visit your "sesame street" friends for videos, games, and sunny days! 
- Ha ha ha! erer Funding forArthurwith captioning is provided by: ?????? ?????? 

[00:59:49]


[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chuck e. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. 

﻿Title: Sesame Street - Rahki Road
Description: Leela makes bracelets to celebrate the Indian holiday Rakhi.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 11/26/2010
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Mix that up. Keep listening for the word recipe today on "sesame street." 
- Recipe! - That's the word on the street. Smells good! ] proud street," is helping families turn everyday moments into learning opportunities. ?????? ?????? you can find out more at pncgrowupgreat.Com. 
(boy) EARTH'S BEST ORGANIC Baby and toddler food is a proud sponsor of "sesame street." Nurturing your child the natural way is the earth's best way to grow. 
- Every day can be filled with rainbows when you eat healthy fruits and vegetables. Proud sponsor of "sesame street," united healthcare, helping people live healthier lives. 
- Beaches family resorts is a proud sponsor of "sesame street" because families who play together grow together, sharing wondrous adventures and turning precious moments into a lifetime of memories. 
- "Sesame street" is also brought to you by the corporation for public broadcasting. And...Viewers like you. Thank you. Captioning made possible by u.S. Department of education 
- ?????? can you tell me how to get? ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get? ?????? ?????? sunny day, sweeping the clouds away ?????? ?????? on my way to where the air is sweet ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get ?????? ?????? how to get to sesame street? ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get? ?????? ?????? come and play ?????? ?????? everything's a-ok ?????? 
- ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! ?????? Friendly neighbors there ?????? ?????? that's where we meet ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get ?????? ?????? how to get to sesame street? ?????? ?????? can you tell me how to get to sesame street? ?????? 

[00:02:09]


- [giggling] 
- hey, leela. - Hey, leela. 
- Hey, chris. Hi, guys. 
- Hi, leela! - Hi, leela! 
- Hello. And hello to you. Welcome to sesame street. 
- Hi! 
- Shirts, right? - Yes, please. 
- Wow! Hey. Look at all this awesome stuff. 
- Yeah. - What are you doing, leela? 
- I'm making a bracelet, zoe. 
- Ooh! - A bracelet? How come? 
- Today is a holiday in india, telly. It's called rahki, and it's a special day when sisters show their brothers how much they love and appreciate them by making them special bracelets. 
- Now that sounds like a great idea for a holiday. 
- Well, great for the brothers maybe, but what about the sisters? 
- Oh. Well, the brothers give their sisters gifts, too. 
- Oh. - My brother sunil--he lives back in india, and this year, he's making me a bracelet. 
- Oh. 
- Hey. You know, maybe we should have a hol-- 
- w-w-w-w-wait a minute. Wait a minute. 
- Telly, what's the matter? - What's the matter? Leela, you said your brother sunil lives in india, right? 
- Right. - And that's really, really far away, right? 
- Right. - And you also said that rahki was today, right? 
- Right. - So even if you mail that bracelet right this minute, there's no way your brother could get it before rahki was over. He's gonna feel terrible, horrible. He's gonna think you don't love and appreciate him! 
- Telly, telly, it's all right. It's all right. 
- It is? How could it be? 
- Well, I sent sunil's bracelet weeks ago. He's already called and said that he's gotten it. 
- Well, um, what about the bracelet he's making for you? Did you get that bracelet yet? 
- Well, no, not yet, but, you know, some brothers can be a little disorganized, but it's ok. He promised me that he sent it so that it would definitely arrive. 
- Special de-livery! Package for leela at the laundromat. 
- Leela, leela, that must be your brother's bracelet. 
- You see? I knew sunil would come through. 
- You leela? There you go. Sign, please. 

[00:04:13]


- This is exciting. - Yeah. 
- Thank you very much. 
- Open it up! - Yeah. Let's see, let's see if there's lots and lots oads on it. 
- Yes. Let's look at it. 
- What color do you think it is, telly? That's as funny-looking bracelet, leela. 
- That's because it's not a bracelet, zoe. It's a sample box of laundry detergent. 
- Oh. - But that's ok. It's early yet. 
- Yeah. Plenty of time for more deliveries. Um, hey, listen. Can I ask you a question? 
- Mm-hmm. - If you've already made a bracelet for your brother sunil, who's that one for? 
- Well, sometimes on rahki we give bracelets to good friends we think of as brothers even if they're not actually brothers. 
- Wait a minute. You mean that I could make a rahki bracelet and give it to someone who I think of as a brother? I mean, someone like my good buddy baby bear? 
- Absolutely. - Oh, oh, ooh! 
- And, leela, I could make two bracelets, one for my real brother joey and one for my almost real brother rocco? 
- Absolutely. 
- Would you help us make them? 
- Yes, please! A rahki bracelet for rocco! 
- Please! - Absolutely. 
- All right! Ha ha ha! - Yeah, yeah. 
- Um, you guys have fun, and I'll see you later. Thanks for the shirts. - See you, chris. 
- Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy. 
- I think I want, um, green. - Where do we start? 
- Well... 
- Let's see. I twist the blue thread with the yellow thread. 
- Oh, hi, chris. 
- Hey, elmo. 
- What is chris doing? 
- I was trying to make a bracelet. 
- A bracelet? 
- Yeah, buddy, but not just any old bracelet. See, this one's a special bracelet. I'm making it for leela. 
- Oh. - See, today is an indian holiday called rahki, and in rahki, brothers and sisters give each other bracelets to show how much they care for each other. 
- Whoa, ho, ho! Elmo didn't know that. 
- Oh, yeah. They've been doing it in india for thousands of years. 
- No, no, no. Elmo meant, wow! Elmo didn't know leela was chris' sister. 
- Oh, elmo, she isn't, but I like to think of her as a sister, so I figured I'd make her a bracelet to, I don't know, cheer her up. 

[00:06:14]


- Oh. Leela needs to be cheered up? 
- I could be wrong, but I get the feeling that leela's a little homesick for the things back in india. 
- Well, maybe chris and elmo should do more than just make leela a bracelet. 
- You know what? That is an excellent idea. 
- Leela, look. How does this look? 
- Ooh! It's lovely, zoe. 
- Thank you! 
- How about this? I'll bet baby bear's gonna love this rahki bracelet? 
- I'm sure he will, telly. 
- Special de-livery! 
- Delivery! It's your bracelet! It's from your brother! 
- Package for leela at the laundromat. Just make sure you sign, please. 
- Thank you! - Is it--is it--hurry up! Ooh, boy! - Look at it. Let's look at it! 
- Is it--is it the bracelet? 
- Feather light fabric softener. 
- Ohh. 
- Hey, leela. Say, can I drop these off real quick? Susan's waiting for me in the car. 
- Hey, gordon. - Hi, gordon! 
- Hey, hey. Look at that. What is that, telly? 
- Oh. It's a special present I'm making for a special friend, gordon. 
- Wow! Anyone who gets a present like that is gonna feel really special? 
- Yeah, yeah. 
- Got to go. See you later! 
- Yeah. Gordon really liked your bracelet, telly. Isn't that great? 
- Great?! It's horrible! 
- Horrible? Why? 
- Because think how bad gordon's gonna feel when baby bear gets a rahki bracelet from me and he doesn't! 
- Well, I'm sure he'll understand. 
- No, no, no! He won't! He won't understand because gordon's like a brother to me, too. You know what I've got to do? I've got to make a bracelet for gordon, as well! 
- Oh. What have I started? 
- Wow! Look at all the special foods that chris made for leela. 
- Yeah, buddy, and I couldn't have done it without your help. - Aw. Hee hee! 
- Well, your help and the help of this wonderful indian cookbook I found on the internet. 
- Say the names again, chris. Elmo likes to hear the names. 
- Heh heh. Ok, buddy. Why not? 
- Which one you gonna start with? 
- Let's start with that one. - Ok. 
- This is a special indian rice pudding called phirni. 
- Phirni. - Yeah. 
- This is called carrot halwa. 
- Carrot halwa. - Carrot halwa. And this is a choco fruit curd that kind of looks like my grandmother's pecan pie. 

[00:08:21]


- Really? - Mm-hmm. It sure does. And this is called laddu. 
- Ha ha ha! Laddu, laddu, laddu! Boy, that's fun to say. Laddu! 
- Ok. Anyway, let's see. According to thirecipe, we're not quite finished yet. It's not ready yet. 
- Well, elmo sees the recipe, chris, but elmo doesn't know what a recipe is. 
- A recipe? It's a list of steps, buddy. It tells you all the ingredients you need to make something. So we needed to get all of our ingredients together. Like for example, to make our laddu... 
- Laddu, laddu, laddu! 
- We needed a special flour that comes from garbanzo beans. 
- Ooh. Garbanzo. Ooh. Elmo likes saying that, too. Garbanzo, garbanzo, garbanzo! 
- Yes, buddy. There are lots on words in this recipe, ok? - Oh, good. 
- Let's see. We also needed some sugar. 
- Sugar. Ok. 
- And we needed some coconut powder, which comes from... - Ooh! Coconuts! 
- Yeah, yeah. And we also needed some cardamom, which a special kind of indian spice. 
- Card-a-mom. - Mm-hmm. Yeah. In order to finish off our laddu... 
- Laddu, laddu, laddu! 
- Yeah. Yeah. I know you like that one. We need to top these little desserts with pistachios. 
- Ooh. Another great word. Pistachio, pista--oh, no. 
- What's up, buddy? 
- Well, chris and elmo did a bad job following the recipe. 
- What do you mean, buddy? 
- Well, chris and elmo don't have any pistachios. 
- Special de-livery! 
- Don'be so sure. 
- Package for chris at hooper's store. 
- That would be me. I'll take that. 
- All right. There you go. 
- Thank you, and thank you. 
- Sign, please. - I will do. 
- Those look delicious. 
- Ok. Thank you, sir. 
- Ah. Thank you. 
- Ok. Have a good one. 
- All right. - Thank you. 
- Ok. Let's see. What do we got here? Whoa, whoa! Wait a minute. 
- Oh, ho ho hostachios! Chris did follow the recipe! 
- Absolutely. Now all we have to do is take--ahh--some of these and put one on each of our laddu. 
- Laddu, laddu, laddu! 
- Boy, this is starting to look like a real indian party. 
- Yeah, looking like one maybe but not really sounding like one yet. Hmm. 

[00:10:28]


[R&b music playing] 
- hey, leela. What do you think of this one? I think it could use some more sequins. 
- Oh. Uh...I think rocco's gonna love it just the way it is. 
- Good! 
- Finished! Wait till gordon see this! Ooh! - Whoa! Ha ha ha! 
- Hi, abby. 
- I was supposed to be meeting my mommy at the bowling alley, and--heh. 
- I think you missed it. 
- Yeah. Ha ha! Hi, guys. Wow!T is that? 
- Oh, that is an indian rahki bracelet. It's a present you make for someone you think of as a brother or a sister. 
- A present for someone you think of as a sister? Cool! 
[Wand jingling] oh! Oh. Hi, mommy. Yeah, I know. Heh. I'm at the laundromat. Yeah. I'm gonna try again. Ok. Well, here goes nothing! 
- Leela, did you hear that? Abby said my bracelet was cool! 
- Because it is cool. 
- No! Because she thinks I made it for her! 
- Telly, I really don't think-- 
- I got to make another one! I got to make a rahki bracelet for abby! 
- Ok, but, telly, it's getting late. 
- Help me! 
- Yeah. It's getting late, and your brother's bracelet still hasn't gotten here from india. 
[Changing stations] 
- mmm. I can't find any indian music on the radio, buddy. Guess we're gonna have to bring in our own. 
- What does chris mean, "bring in our own"? 
- Well, this web site here is full of indian music. Check this out. - Oh. 
- "A lot of"--look. "A lot of music in india is played on instruments called the sitar and the tabla." Ok. Then. 
- But, chris, elmo--elmo and chris don't have a sitar or a tabla. 
- Spe-ci-al de-liiiivery. Ahh. Yeah. 

[00:12:34]


- I love the internet! Hi. 
- The big hand is pointing straight up, and the little hand is point-- 
- 5:00. 
- Oh, poo! 
- Almost closing time, and still no delivery. 
- Ok, ok. How about some service here? 
- Sorry, oscar. What is it? 
- Well, see this bowling shirt? - Mm-hmm. 
- Yeah. Well, I just saw it in a store window, and the colors-- heh heh--actually gave me a headache, so of course i bought it. 
- But we clean things here, oscar. That's a brand-new shirt. It's already clean. 
- Exactly. I want you to dirty it up. Heh heh heh. See you later. - Why not? 
- Oscar the grouch! Oscar--he's practically my oldest friend. I can't give rahki bracelets to baby bear and gordon and abby and not give one to oscar. He'd feel terrible! 
- I thought oscar liked feeling terrible. 
- I got to get to work. 
- All right. That's it. Time to close. Maybe it will come tomorrow. 
[Indian music playing] do you guys hear something? 
- Yeah. - No. 
- I don't know what it is, but it sounds like it's coming from hooper's store. 
- Faster, telly. Got to make more bracelets. Oh, this is good. 
[Music connues] 
- do you hear that? 
- Yeah. That way I think. 
- Yeah. Sounds pretty. 
- Ha ha ha! 
- Whoa! - Yay! 
- Come in. Come on in. 
- Oh, wow! 
- What happened in here? 
- Well, I figured since you couldn't be with your brother in india I'd bring a little bit of india here, huh? 
- Ooh! And elmo helped! 
- You sure did, buddy! Oh, hey. Remember when you said that for rahki good friends who aren't brothers and sisters but kind of sort of feel like they are brothers and sisters can exchange rahki bracelets, too? 

[00:14:44]


- Mm-hmm. 
- Ok. Keeping that in mind, this is for you, huh? 
- Pretty. - You like? 
- This is so funny. 
- Funny? 
- You know the rahki bracelet I was making before when you first came to the laundromat? - Yeah. 
- It's for you. 
- No? For real. Come here. Thank you. 
- Special de-livery! 
- Oh! 
- Did chris order something else? 
- I'm looking for leela from the laundromat. 
- Oh, I'm here! It's me, it's me! Hi, hi! 
- Oh, well. Here you go. - Thank you. 
- What'd you get, what'd you get? 
- What is it, what is it, what is it? 
- Ooh. 
- Look, guys. It's the rahki from my brother sunil. 
- Nice. - Beautiful. He just made it! 
- Yeah. Oh, speaking of just making it. 
- Gordon, baby bear, come and get your rahki bracelets! Oscar, gabi, elmo, susan, abby, rocky bracelets for everyone! 
[Sighing] - telly? 
- Thank you, chris. 
- Anytime, sis. Come here. 
- Come on, everybody! Let's have a rahki party! 
- [Cheering] 
[playing indian music] 
- ?????? what could be better than taking the time ?????? ?????? to celebrate our family? ?????? 
- ?????? brothers and sisters ?????? 
- ?????? neighbors and friends ?????? ?????? living together in harmony ?????? 
- ?????? sharing gifts with each other ?????? ?????? is something we all love to do ?????? 
- and elmo, too! 
- ?????? Gao! It's time to sing ?????? ?????? for all of the joy that our neighborhood brings ?????? ?????? naacho! Come dance and see ?????? ?????? we all are a part of a big family ?????? ?????? we singh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? 

[00:16:48]


- [yawns] 
- ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? 
- ?????? you don't need a gift to celebrate ?????? ?????? just show a friend that you care ?????? 
- ?????? after I made all those bracelets today ?????? ?????? I need a break, I could use some air ?????? come on! 
- ?????? Gao! It's time to sing ?????? ?????? for all of the joy that our neighborhood brings ?????? ?????? naacho! Come dance and see ?????? ?????? we all ara part of a big family ?????? ?????? we sing oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? ?????? oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ?????? 
- [cheering] 
- oh, boy! I love the bracelet. 
- Yeah! 
- Hi. I'm alton. And I'm abby! 
- And we're here to tell you all about the word recipe. 
- Oh, boy, do I love recipes! 
- Now a recipe is kind of like series of steps that help you to make something like, say, your dinner, and abby and i are gonna use a recipe right now. 
- Oh, boy, alton! What recipe are we gonna use? 
- Oh, let's see. There are so many to choose from. For instance, I've got a really great recipe for oatmeal cookies. - Oh, yum, yum, yum. 
- You see? All the steps that you need for making cookies are right there. 
- Yeah. - And I've got a recipe for spinach quiche. That's a tasty one, definitely a good recipe to know, but my most favorite recipe of all time has got to be this one. This is my favorite. We got to make this one, ok? 
- Ok, ok, ok! Great. Now what's in it? 
- Well, for this recipe, the first thing you need is music. 
- Ok. Ahem.. Music! ! 
[Music playing] 
- nice, nice. Ok, ok. Second ingredient in this recipe balloons! 
- All rightie. Ahem. Balloons! Ha ha ha! 
- And the third ingredient in this recipe lots of friends. 

[00:18:51]


- Here we go! Mmm! Friends! 
- Ohh! - Hey! Where am i? 
- Hey, alton. What's this a recipe for? 
- This is a recipe for fun! 
- Yay! - All right! 
- Recipe! 
- Heh heh heh! 
- Whoo! 
- It's almost time for abby's flying fairy school, but first, we're gonna drop it like it's hot because it's time to freestyle with... ?????? Let's all shimmy, let's all shake ?????? ?????? let's make the sound ?????? ?????? that the letter "u" makes ?????? ?????? uh ?????? - ?????? uh ?????? 
- ?????? uh ?????? - ?????? uh ?????? 
- ?????? uh, uh, uh, uh ?????? ?????? now I got something for you and me to do ?????? ?????? let's come up with words that start with "u" ?????? 
- unicycle! - Under! 
- Uniform! - Up! 
- Unicorn! - "U"! 
- ?????? We're not done, we're not through ?????? ?????? let's hear more words that start with "u" ?????? 
- ukulele! - Unitard! 
- Us! - Umbrella! 
- Underpants! - Say what? 
- Underpants! - Say what? 
- Underpants! 
- ?????? Come on, everyone ?????? ?????? let's groove, let's dance ?????? ??????et's shake a "u" or shake your underpants ?????? ?????? great "u" song, yes, it's true ?????? ?????? let's see more on the letter "u" ?????? 
[thunder] 
- ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! 

[00:21:03]


- Her, carson. Tell them what's coming up next. 
- Abby's flying fairy school. 
- That sounds great! 
[Horn honks] 
- ?????? look up high in the sky ?????? ?????? it's a school, it can fly ?????? 
- ?????? let's all hurry to the flying fairy school ?????? ?????? grab your wands ?????? 
- yee-ha! 
- ?????? Bring your wings ?????? - yeah! 
- ?????? We will learn magic things ?????? 
- ?????? let's all hurry to the flying fairy school ?????? ?????? how to make us grow ?????? ?????? and how to make us shrink ?????? whoa! 
- ?????? How to solve a problem with a simple twinkle think ?????? ?????? the school is really magic ?????? ?????? and magic's really cool ?????? ?????? let's go in, let's begin ?????? ?????? it's flying fairy school ?????? 
- ha ha ha! 
- Ha ha! Ahh. 
- Ha ha! 
- Hee hee hee! Oop! That's gonna cause some major delays. 
- Why, hello! Welcome to flying fairy school. You're just in time for cleanup time! Time to put everything back where it belongs, fairies. 
- Blogg, it's cleanup time. We're supposed to put everything away. 
- No big deal! I'll just sweep them all under this magic carpet here. 
[Grunting] huh? 
- Wouldn't it just be easier to put them away? 
- Stop talking crazy! Whoa! 
- Oh! I think I see the problem. Look. It's locked. 

[00:23:06]


- No prob. Niblet! 
- Eep eep? Whoa! 
- Blogg, don't--don't unlock that...Carpet. Oh, my. If the magic carpet you unlock, the fairy dust bunnies, they will flock. 
- Fairy dust bunnies? What's a fairy dust bunny? Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow! 
- Those are fairy dust bunnies. Oh, dear. I'm quite allergic to fairy dust bunnies, you know. 
- Allergic? - Yes. They make me sneeze, and if I sneeze, you never know what could happen! Whoa! Whee! Whew! Phew! Oh! That was a close one! Ohh! 
- Um, mrs. Sparklenose, why is your nose sparkling? 
- It--it means I'm going to sneeze. 
- Oh, no. This is gonna get messy. I just know it! 
- Come on. It's just a sneeze! What's the worst that can happen from a... 
- Ahchoo! 
- Sneeze? 
- Oh, no! I'm a frog, and blogg's a frog, and, gonnigan, are you a frog? 
- I don't know. Am i? Ohh! I am! 
- All right. Calm down, calm down. 
[Croaking] eww! I just swallowed a bug. 
- Oh! Mrs. Sparklenose, how do we change back? 
- You have to-- ah-ah-ah-ah--ahh. 
- We'll never find out what to do this way. Let's think. What do you do when somebody sneezes? 
- Um, I usually say, "bless you." 
- Ooh! Ooh! I know! My great aunt schmolga says, "gesundheit!" 
[Clucking] 
[croaks] 
- why is that frog clucking? 
- Oh! That's peck, and she says maybe we need a magic sneeze word. 

[00:25:11]


- Ooh! Ooh! Good idea! How about abracabooger? 
- Or, uh, hocusmucus? 
- Or, uh, gezundenshniffle! 
- Oh! We're not frogs anymore! Hooray! 
- Uh-oh! Her schonz is lighting up again. 
- But not just one time. It's sparkling two times! 
- What does that mean? 
- Ahchoo! Ahchooo! 
- Two sneezes. Peck, is that you? 
- I'm not peck. You're peck. 
- No. I'm abby! That's peck. 
- No. Gonnigan. 
[Clucking] 
- peck's right! We're all chickens! Ok. We better say the magic sneeze word so we're not chickens anymore. 
[Clucking] no, no, no. Don't worry, peck. You can still be a chicken! Come on! Let's say the magic sneeze word. 
- Gezundenshniffle! 
- Oh! We're not chickens anymore! Hooray! 
- Oh, yeah? Then why did you just lay an egg? 
- Oh, no. Why didn't it work? We said the magic sneeze word when mrs. Sparklenose sneezed. We should have turned back! 
- Maybe because mrs. Sparklenose sneezed two times. 
- And her nose lit up twice! 
- So maybe we have to say it two times! 
- Great idea! Come on! Let's try! 
- Gezundenshniffle! Gezundenshniffle! 
- Whoo-hoo! It worked! Great job, fairies! Wing-whack! - Ooh! 
- Ha ha! 
- Uh-oh! Mrs. Sparklenose's nose is sparkling again. 
- Let's count how many times it sparkles. 1, 2, 3! 
- She's gonna sneeze 3 times! 
- Ahchoo! Ahchoo! Ahchoo! 
- Cheese! 
- Is somebody taking a picture? 
- No. We're cheese. 

[00:27:12]


- Eeeep! 
- Oh! I think niblet wants to make his afternoon snack! Oh! 
- Oh! Quick! Say, "gezundenshniffle," 3 times! 
- Gezundenshniffle! Gezundenshniffle! Gezundenshniffle! 
- Eeeep! Eep? Blech! 
- We got to get rid of these dust balls before they do any more damage. 
- But how? - We need help. Let's ask spot! Spot! 
[Barking] spot, how do you get rid of fairy dust bunnies? 
- Fetch, spot, fetch! 
[Barking] 
- now where's the robot? Oh, look. He's under the bed. He's under the bench. Oh, look. Now he's under the camel. He's under the umbrella. The robot is under the dog. 
- What does "under" have to do with our dust bunny problem? 
- Let's twinkle think. 
- Twinkle think, twinkle think, twinkle think. 
- I got it! 
- Aah! What, what? 
- Fairy dust bunnies came fromnder the magic carpet, so we just have to get them back under. 
- That makes total sense. Come on! 
- Dust bunnies, under! 
[Chattering] 
- aah! Aah! 
- The bunnies are over the carpet. Ohh! We got to try something else. 
- Eep eep! 
- Come on, nibs. I can't even think about eating right now. 
- Aw! Eep! 
- Ooh! 
- Boing boing. Mm. Eep eep, huh? 
- Wait a minute. I think niblet is lling us to use food to get the dust bunnies under the carpet. 
- That is one smart gerbilcorn. 
- Eep eep. 
- But what in the fairy world do fairy dust bunnies even eat? 

[00:29:15]


- I don't know. What do regular bunnies eat? 
- Carrots! 
- Well, if regular bunnies eat carrots, then fairy dust bunnies must eat... 
- Fairy dust carrots! 
- Whoo-hoo! It's working. Here, dust bunnies! The carrots are under here. 
- The bunnies are under the carpet! 
- [Blows nose] oh, thank you, fairies! You did it! 
- Now it's time to celebrate! 
- No, blogg. Now it's time to clean up. 
- Aw, man. 
- Ha ha ha! 
- It's almost time for super grover, but first, we're gonna find out about... How many is 19? 
- These are 19 paintings of mine. 
- Oh!19 paintings! 19 crayons! Can you count to 19? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8... 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19! 
- The number 19 is nifty! Come on. Let's see some more about the number 19! 1! 2! 3! 4! 5! 6! 7! 8! 9! 10! 11! 12! 13! 

[00:31:59]


[Chirping] 14! 
[Splash] 15! 16! 
[Quacking] 17! 18! 19! 
- y, nika! What's coming up next? 
- Super grover! 
- Oh, boy! 
- He observes. 
- Oh, look! No! No! Aah! 
- He questions. 
- Hubba-wha? 
- He investigates. 
- Hmm. What does this button do? Aah! 
- Super grover 2.0! He shows up! 
- Somewhere along the pretty good wall of china, a chicken is attempting to do the unthinkable. 
- Baaawwwk! Oh, my gosh. I just got to get over this wall, I just got to. 
- Aaaaah! Ow! Ohh! 

[00:34:06]


- Super grover, is that you? 
- No! It is I super grover 2.0! I am even superer than ever and cuter, too! What seems to be the problem, my little fricassee? 
- Oh. Well, it's this wall. I just got to climb over it, but it's too high. 
- But why do you want to go over the wall? 
- To get to the other side? It's a chicken thing. 
- So the question is how does a chicken get over the wall? 
- That's it in an eggshell. 
- Do not despair my fair-feathered fowl, for I will unleash the power of observation to help you get over the wall. - Oh. 
- Mmm! - Ohh! 
- Mm-hmm. Aha! - Oh! "Aha"? What aha? 
- I observe with my supereyes that you have flappy flappers? 
- You mean my wings? 
- Yes. You can just flap those chicken wings and fly over the wall. 
- But, super grover 2.0, ha ha, chickens can't fly. 
- I will figure out another way to get you up and over the wall. I will now unleash the power of investigation! Ahem. Excuse me, wall. Could you just scooch down a tad so that the chicken can get over you? Excuse me, wall. Wall! It's like talking to a brick wall. 
- It is a brick wall! 
- Listen, wall. You'd be doi me a huge favor if you did this. 
- Hey. I wonder if I could just jump over. 
- Just an inch. That's all I need. Just a centimeter or 2. 
- Aah! Ohh! 
- Ohh! 
- Oh, this wall is just too high. I'll never get over it. 
- It is time to unleash the power of technology! I will just look into my utility sock. There must be a tool in here somewhere. Aha! Springs! Hmm. My supersenses are telling me these springs are very springy. Come here, chicken. 

[00:36:10]


- What, what, what! Aah! 
- Hoo hoo! There. These should put a spring in your step. Now you can jump over the wall. 
- I don't know, super grover 2.0. These springs are pretty wobbly. 
- Jump, chicken, jump! 
- All right. Whoa! Whoooa! Yeah! Whoo! Whoo-hoo! 
- Ow! 
[Both groaning] might I say that you are no spring chicken. 
- [Mumbling] oh! These springs don't work! I still can't jump high enough, and I just got to get over that wall. I just got to! 
- Calm your giblets. I am super grover 2.0. I am all about the technology. Now let me see what other highly advanced tools I have in my socks. Aha! A hole-poker-mabob. 
- That's a pole. 
- Step aside, chicken. I super grover 2.0 will poke a hole in this wall with this hole-poker-mabob. 
- But this wall, it's made out of brick. It's just too hard. 
- Yes, but even the pretty good wall of china is no match for my pretty good muscles! Hmm, hmm? 
- Ha ha! 
- Hhhhhhhyah! Ow! I believe I've hit a wall. Ohh. 
- Told you so. 
- I just need to try this again. Yeah. 
- Yeah, but super grover, super grover... 
- Gangway! 
- Aah! 
- Ohh! Ohh, ohh! 
- Did you see that? 
- I see stars. 
- No, no. That pole. Look. It works like a lever. 
- A what? 
- A lever. A lever is a tool that helps you move heavy things. Look. It pivots on the ground. Watch this. Ready? Pivot, pivot, pivot, pivot. Ha ha! 

[00:38:12]


- This is a pivotal moment. My supersenses are telling me that this hole-poker-mabob is, in fact, a levermabob. 
- Yep. We just need a taller pole. Ha ha! 
- Wow! That is a mighty tall levermabob. It is even taller than this levermabob. 
- Well, it's got to be tall to get over the wall. Ha! Whooooooa! Whoo-hoo-hoo! Yeah! 
- And so our superhero discovered that levers are tools that can help chickens go over walls. 
- And me, too! Ha ha! Ohh! Ohh. 
[Groaning] I think I need a longer lever or a shorter wall. 
- Oh, boy! Elmo's world is almost here, but first, it's time to play sounds of the street! Come on. Use your ears and listen for a sound. 
[Horn playing jazz] ooh! I hear something! Do you know that sound? 
- Saxophone! 
- Great. Let's do some more listening. 
[Drums playing] ooh! Do you hear what I hear? What sound is that? 
- Drums! 
- Nice work! 
[Caw, horn plays] whoa! That's a strange sound. 
[Caw, horn plays] what is making that sound? 
[Cock-a-doodle-doo] ???????????? 
- a rooster playing a trumpet! 
- That was odd. Now let's keep watching because elmo's world is coming soon. ???????????? 

[00:40:29]


- hee hee hee! 
- Hey, rachel. What's next? 
- Elmo's world! 
- Oh, boy! This is gonna be great! 
- ?????? La la la la ?????? ?????? la la la la ?????? ?????? elmo's world ?????? ?????? la la la la ?????? ?????? la la la la ?????? ?????? elmo's world ?????? ?????? elmo loves his goldfish ?????? ?????? his crayon, too ?????? yeah! Ha ha ha! ?????? That's elmo's world ?????? hi. This is elmo's world. Oh, elmo's so happy so see you. Ooh, and so is dorothy. Say hello, dorothy. Ha ha! Guess what elmo's thinking about today. ?????? Ya da da da ?????? 
[doorbell rings] 
- ha ha ha! Prairie. Hi, elmo. 
- Hola, elmo. - Hi, everybody. 
- Hiya. - Hi. Hi, telly. 
- Hello, elmo. - Hey, baby bear. 1 elmo. - Hee hee hee! 
- Hello, ernie. Hi, bert. Hi, grover. Friends. Ha ha ha! - Hi, elmo. 
- Oh, hi, big bird. See? These are elmo's friends... 
- Hi! - Hi! - Hi! 
- And you're elmo's friend, too, and elmo is your friend. Ha ha! 
- Friends! Yay! - Friends! Yay! - Friends! Yay! 
[Applause and cheering] 
[whistle blows] 
[bell rings] oh, heh, dorothy is elmo's friend. Mwah. Ha ha ha! Oh. 

[00:42:39]


- And my pet rock rocco is my friend. Mwah! Bye, elmo. 
- But ,zoe, rocco is a rock. Ha ha ha! Dorothy has been thinking about friends, too, and--look, look, look--she's got a friend over to play. Ha ha ha! Oh. What's that, dorothy? Huh? Ok, ok. Dorothy has a question-- how do you take turns with a friend? Oh, good question, dorothy. Let's ask mr. Noodle. Mr. Noodle! Oh, shade, be a pal and go up, please? Aw, that was very friendly, shade. Ha ha ha! Oh, oh, hi, mr. Noodle. Hi. Dorothy has a question. How do you take turns with a friend, mr. Noodle? 
- Yeah, mr. Noodle. How do you take turns? 
- [Whistles] - who's he calling? Who is it? 
- It's mr. Noodle's sister miss noodle. Hi. - Oh, I know her. 
- Mr. Noodle! - Ha ha ha! She's your sister and your friend. 
- So, how do you take turns with a friend? 
- Wow, look at that. 
- So, take turns with the swing. 
- No. No, not like that. 
- Take turns, mr. Noodle and miss noodle. Yeah. Take turns. 
- Mr. Noodle! 
- Miss noodle! 
- That's not taking turns. 
- Come here, please. - Try again. 
- Take turns on the swing. 
- Just one person, then the other. 
- One person. Ha ha ha! 
- Now they got it. 
- Aw, hee hee! - He cleaned it off for her. 
- That's a good friend. - Ha ha ha! Very ni-- 
- no! Wait! 

[00:44:41]


- You ok, miss noodle? 
- Well, sharing is nice, but it's not taking turns. Miss noodle, mr. Noodle, come here again. Taking turns is when one person swings and the other person waits or pushes. 
- You got it now? 
- Try again. Oop, get the swing. Got it. 
- Now take turns. - You can do it. 
- Miss noodle! 
- Oh, that's it! Miss noodle is taking a turn. Yay! - That's the way. 
- Ok. Mr. Noodle's turn. - You push, miss noodle. 
- Yay! You got it. - Yeah! That's taking turns. 
- Oh, miss noodle again. 
- She got her own style. 
[Laughter] 
- ha ha ha! Boy, those noodles are real swingers. Ha ha ha! Oh. What's that, dorothy? Oh, ok. Dorothy wants to ask someone else. How do you take turns with a friend? 
- Hi, dorothy. This is how me and my friend asaan take turns holding my pet rabbit. It's my turn now. Now it's your turn, asaan. 
- Watch us take turns with these binoculars, dorothy. Look. A butterfly. 
- Now it's my turn, dorothy. Yeah. A butterfly. 
- Oh, thanks, everybody, oh, and thanks, dorothy. Now elmo will ask a baby. Ha ha ha! Ooh, whoa! Two babies-- a baby and her baby friend. Oh, baby, how do you take turns with your friend? 

[00:46:43]


- ?????? La la ?????? - ha ha ha! Oh, thank you, baby, and thank you, too, baby. Ha ha ha! - Banana! 
- Ha ha ha! Oh, boy, those babies. Ha ha! And now-- 
- my friend rocco and I take turns. Watch. My turn, rocco. Vroom! Vroom! - Oh, boy... 
- And now it's your turn, rocco. Vroom! Vroom! - Oh... 
- Oh, good one. Yeah. Bye, elmo. 
- But, zoe, it's just a rock. Oh, boy. Where was elmo? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. And now elmo has a question for you. Yeah, you. How many friends can fit on this boat? Let's count them and see. All aboard. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Wow, 9 friends can fit on the-- oop, and 1 kangaroo. Ha ha ha! Ooh, don't rock the boat. Hee hee! Oh, bon voyage. Boy, hee hee! Hey, that's what elmo calls a real friendship. Get it? "Friend ship." Ha ha ha! Oh, boy, ha ha! Oop. Boy, you know, that kangaroo could be a friend. Elmo wonders who else can be a friend. Oh, drawer. Oh, ho ho, drawer. Ha ha ha! Oh, everybody is so friendly today. Could drawer be a friend? 
- Ha ha ha! 
- Can a birthday cake be a friend? 
- No. - No. 
- But you can eat a birthday cake with your friends. Can a balloon be a friend? 
- No. - No. 

[00:48:43]


- But you can give a balloon to a friend. Can a firefighter be a friend? 
- Yes. - Yes. 
- Can a plant be a friend? 
- Sometimes maybe. 
- Especially if it's stinky. 
- I'm a friend? Isn't that lovely? Ahh. 
- Oh, thank you, drawer. Elmo's friend rebecca has another good friend she likes to play with, and she told elmo all about it. 
- My friennicole lives next door, and yesterday she came over to play. First, we made some jewelry with beads. We both love crafts. Then we looked at a book about space. We both love space exploration. Then we got hungry, so we went inside for a snack. We both wanted a banana, but there was only 1 left, so we shared it. We both love bananas. Then we went to the library with my mom to return the books. I carried the books, and my friend nicole opened the door. Here. Catch. 
- Ha ha! 
- Then after the library, we played catch. Daniel came over and asked if he could play with us. We said, "sure." I had a great time playing with my friends. 
- Wow, ha ha! Rebecca has great friends. Now elmo wants to learn even more about friends. How can we find out even more? Hmm. Oh, yeah. We can watch the friends channel on tv. Oh, wait, tv. Where you going? That's not being very friendly. Come back, tv. Come on. Aw, ha ha ha! Aw, now, that's friendly. Turnouelf on, tv. Thank you. 

[00:51:12]


- Welcome to the friends channel. This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. And now the friends channel presents the friend lady. 
- I love making friends. You want to make some new friends? Well, here's how you do it. ??????Stick out your hand and say hello ?????? 
- hello. 
- ?????? You might meet someone just like you ?????? ?????? who's really great to know ?????? ??????now, mind you, I love the friends I've got ?????? ??????but making a new one hits the spot ?????? ?????? hey ?????? ?????? hi, I love baseball, how about you? ?????? 
- wow, I don't believe this. I love baseball, too. - Me, too. 
- How are you? What's new? Hey, how you doing? 
- When I meet someone new, I feel like mooing. 
- Moo! - Moo! - Moo! 
- ?????? Even if you're kind of shy, don't worry, it's ok ?????? ?????? come on, reach out and shake a hand ?????? ?????? and make a friend today ?????? 
- [arf] - [squawk] 
- ??????stick out your hand and say hello ?????? 
- [ruff] 
- ?????? you might meet someone just like you ?????? ?????? who's really great to know ?????? ?????? it's wonderful to watch how friendships grow ?????? ?????? when you stick out your hand and say ?????? ?????? isn't life grand today? ?????? ?????? stick out your hand and say hello ?????? 
- coming up next on the friends channel, two great buddy movies-- "for me and my pal" followed by "chum and chummer." 
- Thanks, tv. Now elmo wants to learn even more about friends, but how? 
[Doorbell rings] oop. Oh. 
[Hums] 
- hi, elmo. - Oh, hi, zoe. 
- You want to talk to a friend? 
- Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Elmo can talk to his friend zoe. 
- No. I mean talk to rocco. 
- But zoe is elmo's friend, not rocco. 
- Well, why not? 
- Well, because it's a rock. 
- Oh, yeah, but, elmo, you can have all different kinds of friends, including rocks. 

[00:53:16]


- But, zoe, elmo does-- - look. 
- What? - Look, look, look. Look. 
- Rocco is imagining that elmo is a rock. 
- Elmo doesn't believe this. 
[Humming] 
- hello, elmo. Will elmo be elmo rock's friend? 
- But elmo rock is a rock. 
- So? We can still be friends. ??????Stick out your hand and say hello ?????? 
- a rock singer. 
- ?????? You might meet someone just like you ?????? ?????? who's really great to know ?????? ?????? it's wonderful to watch how friendships grow ?????? 
- ?????? when you stick out your hand and say ?????? 
- ?????? isn't life grand today? ?????? 
- ?????? stick out your hand and say hello ?????? 
- hello. Ha ha ha! - Hello. Ha ha ha! 
- Thanks, rocco. - Boy... 
- Doesn't rocco have a great imagination? 
- It's a rock! - No. 
- Elmo loves friends, oh, and so does dorothy. That's why dorothy wants us to sing the friends song, and so does dorothy's friend. 
- Ooh, ooh, rocco loves that song. 
- Good. 
- Ooh, the friends song. I love the friends song. 
- Then sing with elmo, friends. Everybody. - Mm-hmm. 
- Yeah. - Ha ha ha! 
- ?????? Doo doo dit doo doo ?????? 
- ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends friends friends ?????? 
- yeah, friends. 
- ?????? Friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends ?????? ?????? friends friends friends friends friends ?????? 
- say good-bye, dorothy, oh, and friend of dorothy. 
- Say good-bye, rocco. - Bye, rocco. 
- Say good-bye, friends. 
- Adios, amigos. - Bye! 
- Let's dance. - Ok. 
- ??????Doo doo doo doo doo ?????? ?????? elmo loves his friends ?????? 
- ?????? that's elmo's world ?????? 
- thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody. Bye, friend. 

[00:55:21]


- "Sesame street" was brought to you today by the letter, uh--by the letter, uh--i can't remember. Let's rethink the day. Oh. Look! There it is! What letter is that? - "U"! 
- Right. "U" is the letter of the day, but what's today's number? There it is! What number?19! 
- Right.19 is the number of the day, so "sesame street" was brought to you today by the letter "u" and by the number 19! This is murray saying see you next time on the street. Peace! The conservatory of smiles is a proud sponsor of "sesame street." Smile. Smile! Smile! You may juu get a smile back. 
Announcer: It's "super why!" Why writer, write! Let's roll! We climbed down to the bottom of the wall. Hooray! Super! 
Announcer: "Super why!" Weekdays on pbs kids or watch anytime you want at pbskids.Org. ] proud street," is helping families turn everyday moments into learning opportunities. ?????? ?????? you can find out more at pncgrowupgreat.Com. 
- Every day can be filled with rainbows when you eat healthy fruits and vegetables. Proud sponsor of "sesame street," united healthcare, helping people live healthier lives. 
- Beaches family resorts is a proud sponsor of "sesame street" because families who play together grow together, sharing wondrous adventures and turning precious moments into a lifetime of memories. 
- "Sesame street" is also brought to you by earth's best ganic, the corporation for public broadcasting, and... Captioning made possible by u.S. Department of education captioned by the national captioning institute 

[00:57:41]


--www.ncicap.org-- 
- Go to pbskids.Org to visit your "sesame street" friends for videos, games, and sunny days! 
- Ha ha ha! 
- Hi, neighbor! Today is Fruit Picking Day! We're going to the Enchanted Garden to pick fruit. And then, we're going to help my Dad build a playhouse. We have a lot to do today. I'm glad you're here. Be right back! ???????????? It's a beautiful day 

﻿Title: Sid the Science Kid - The Perfect Pancake
Description: Sid learns that Grandma's pancakes are always perfect because she cooks them on the stove for the right amount of time.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 9/11/2008
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

First 5 california is a proud sponsor of "sid the science kid." 
>> At boeing, we believe the best way to prepare children for success is by nurturing thei curiosity and enthusiasm for learning and letting the future of our children take flight. Vinci is proud to sponsor "sid the science kid." Vinci beeves a loving environment, combined with the right tools, helps each child to reach her full potential. 
Vinci: Technology for early learning-- to engage, to empower, and to inspire the genius in every child. 
>> And by contributions to your pbs station from... 
>> Hey, is this thing on? Ha ha. 
>> ?????? Hey, sid, what do you say? What you want to learn today? ?????? 
>> ?????? I want to know why things happen and how and I want to know everything now, oh, yeah how does this thing work? Why does that stuff change? How does that do what it just did? Hmm. What's up with the sky? You think I could fly? The world is spinning and I want to know why I got a lot of questions and big ideas I'm sid the science kid ?????? 
[captioning made possible by the jim henson company and friends of nci] 
>> ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the one and only... Sid! Yeah! Whoo! 
[Studio audience applause] well, thank you. Thank you. Hey there. Oh, arnie, you're looking bigger, buddy. Easy on the dino-burgers, huh? Ahh. Wha! Dr. Beaks! Great to have you here, man! And it's great to have you here, too! 
[Inhales] I smell pancakes cooking in the kitchen! That means it's pancake day! Ha ha! [Singing indistinctly] ?????? love those pancakes ?????? 

[00:02:05]


[singing indistinctly] ahh. There's just one problem. When mom makes pancakes, they come out too squishy. Instead of eating them with a fork, you need a spoon. What's up with that? It's called a pan-cake, not pan-soup. And my dad's pancakes? Oh, boy. They need some serious help. I mean, they smell like pancakes, they look like pancakes...But ey're always burnt, and they taste like chewy rocks. Ok, so I've never actually eaten a chewy rock, but I'm guessing it doesn't taste so good. You know who makes the best, most awesome pancakes in the whole world? My grandma! Her pancakes aren't too squishy, and they aren't too hard...They're just right. Hey, wait a minute! How come grandma is the only one who can make a fluffy, perfect pancake? I don't get it! What's the big idea with pancakes? How do you make the perfect pancake? 
[Echo] pancake. 
>> Sid! Breakfast time! 
>> Ooh, breakfast time! Ha ha. Ha ha. Breakfast tiiime! 
>> Hey, sid, you ready for breakfast? 
>> Uh-oh, dad's the one making pancakes. You know what that means. 
>> Yep. 
>> Dad, thanks for making pancakes and all, but can I ask you a tough question? 
>> Of course you can. Ask away! 
>> Um...If your pancakes start out as this soft, squishy batter, how come they end up so, um, black and hard? 
>> [Laughs] sid, sweetie, that is such a great question. I think it belongs in the question box. 
>> Ooh! The question box is one of my favorite things ever! See, when I come up with a good question, mom writes it down and puts it in the box! 

[00:04:09]


>> Why don't you try the pancakes I made? 
>> Oh, uh, mom, I got another tough question. How come your pancakes turn out so...Gooey? 
>> Hah! Now, that's an even better question, sid! In fact, I think it belongs in the question box, too! 
>> Ah ba ba me me me! 
>> Oh, hey, dad, I think zeke wants a pancake. 
>> Oh, here you go, buddy. Eat up! 
>> Ba, ba...Huh? Grr. [Banging] aah! 
>> Watch out! Flying pancake! 
>> Mine! Ta da! 
>> Nice catch, mom! [Laughs] my mom is awesome. 
>> Yay! Ba ba ba ma ma! 
>> Thank you, sid. Now, how about some breakfast? 
>> Yeah, gotta eat! Almost time for school! Ugh. 
[Upbeat music playing] ?????? I love my mom 
>> uh huh 
>> my mom is cool 
>> uh huh 
>> but now it's time for havin' fun at school, yeah! ?????? 
>> [laughs] 
>> ?????? I'm lookin' for my friends m lookin' for you there's gabriela! 
>> Watch what I can do! La la whoo! La la whoo! Oh, yeah! 
>> Wow! I'm lookin' for my friends I'm lookin' for you hey,s gerald! 
>> Yeah! Check my moves! 
[Grunting, laughing] I'm a rock star! 
>> Cool! I'm lookin' for my friends I'm lookin' for you hey, there's may! 
>> May I show you how I groove? Da-da-da-da, ha ha, hey! 

[00:06:15]


>> Groovy! 
>> We're looking for our friends! We're looking for you! Hey, there's sid! ?????? 
>> did you hear the one about the kid who wanted to know everything about everything? 
>> ?????? That's you! 
>> You got me ?????? 
[laughter] 
>> ?????? da-da-da-da-da ?????? 
>> yeah! 
>> ?????? We're looking for our friends! And look what we found! We found each other...Friends! ?????? 
[laughter] 
>> and now it's time for the sid survey! Hello, I am sid with today's survey. 
The question: What kind of pancakes do you like? Let's go get some answers. Hello, ma'am. 
>> Ma'am? 
>> Oh, um, I mean, hello, pretty, rainbow sparkly, princess of the playground and ruler of all things climbable? 
>> Better! Now, what's your question? 
>> Oh, um, what kind of pancakes do you like to eat? 
>> I like mine shaped like ouds, with little bacon rainbows and blueberry decorations. I'm just not hungry if it isn't pretty. 
>> Scallion pancakes are my favorite. 5- >> hmm...What exactly are scallions? 
>> Green onions. Scallion pancakes are especially good with a little plum sauce on the side. 
>> That sounds pretty good. 
>> Yeah. You can come over to my house for dinner and try them. 
>> Really? 
>> Sure. Sharing scallion pancakes is what friends do. 
>> You are a good friend, may. 
>> Thank you. 
>> I like syrup. Ha. 
>> And in this late breaking news, we've learned that gerald likes syrup. 
>> Yeah, lots and lots and lots of syrup! [Laughs] 
>> and now the results of my survey. Gabriela likes cloud-shaped pancakes. May likes her pancakes with scallions and plum sauce... For dinner! And, gerald...Well, gerald likes... 

[00:08:22]


>> Syrup! [Laughs] 
>> yes, gerald likes syrup with a little bit of pancake on the side. There you have it. I am sid--roving reporter and pancake expert. 
>> Everybody! Rug time! 
>> Ooh! That's teacher susie! 
>> ?????? It's rug time! Come on in! Rug time! Take a seat! Rug time! 
>> We're ready! 
>> Everybody move your feet! Rug time! 
>> Teacher susie! 
>> Good time is on the way! Rug time! Come on in! We've got a lot to learn today! ?????? 
>> hop! Hop! Hop! I'm a bunny rabbit! 
>> [Laughter] 
>> I'm gonna sit on you! I'm gonna sit on you! I'm gonna squish you! 
>> On the rug, bunny rabbit. Ha ha ha. So...Who wants to share something with the class? A story? A song? 
>> Ooh, um, I do. 
>> Ok, sid. 
>> Everyone...I'm having pancake problems at home. 
>> Oh. We're listening. What's the pancake problem? 
>> Well, I can't figure out how that liquidy batter stuff can turn into either a squishy goo-cake or a burnt rock-cake. I mean, why can't pancakes always be perfect and delicious like the ones grandma makes? 
>> Maybe the stove is broken. My toy oven broke and my mom fixed it. 
>> Yeah, or have you tried talking to your stove? Because maybe it's mad at the pancakes. 
>> Well, you're all on the right track thinking about the stove. Can anyone tell me what a stove does? 
>> Yeah. It cooks things. 
>> Yeah, you can bake brownies and stuff. 
>> A stove heats things up! 
>> All of you are right! 
>> Um, yeah, but what does heat have to do with pancakes? Well, that's a great question. And I know the perfect place to investigate what heat does to things. Ok, scientists, you know where we're going? 
>> To the super fab lab! 

[00:10:23]


>> That's right, so grab your journals and let's go. 
>> Ok. 
[Conga music] 
>> super fab lab! Observe! Compare! Contrast! Ahh! 
>> Today in the super fab lab, we're going to find out how heat changes things. And we're going to do that by making...Applesauce. 
>> Yes! All right! Splish, splosh, applesauce! I love applesauce. 
>> [Laughs] 
>> to make applesauce, we have to mash up the apples with 
our ingredients: Water and cinnamon. Then we'll mix everything together. 
>> Mmm, this investigation sounds yummy. 
>> [Laughter] 
>> first we'll try mashing up the apples without cooking them. Then we'll heat up the apples on a stove, and try to mix them again. 
>> What happens to the apples when we heat them up? 
>> Great question, gabriela. It's your job to observe how the heat changes the apples. 
>> I think the apples will get softer when we heat them up. 
>> I don't think the apples will change at all. 
>> Well, there's only one way to find out. Let's put all these ingredients in the bowl and begin our investigation! 
>> Yeah! Let's do it! 
>> Wow. 
>> This is exciting! Hey, you're a scientist. You can try this, too! 
>> It's time to make applesauce! First, an adult will cut up apples into small pieces and then put the apples into a bowl. And add our other ingredients: Cinnamon and water. Now, try to mash the apples up and mix everything together. Wow. It looks like it's not very easy to mash up the apples. Keep trying. Now an adult is going to put the same uncooked apples in a pot and place the pot on a stove and heat it up. Let's use our eyes to observe what happens. Can you see how the heat changes the apples? Now the apples look really soft. Next, we'll pour the apples back into the bowl, and you can try mashing up the apples again. Wow, it's much easier now that the apples have been heated. Now draw your observations in your journals. How did the apples look before we heated them? Think about how the apples changed after we heated them up. Now that we're done with our investigation, we can all enjoy our delicious applesauce! 

[00:13:18]


>> It was hard to mash up the apples before we cooked them, and I'm pretty strong. 
>> Yeah, but then the heat changed the apples and made them all soft and mushy! 
>> And then we could make applesauce! Sweet, delicious, applesauce. 
>> Great observations, scientists! 
>> Mmm, science is yummy. 
[Laughter] 
>> wait! Wait! I think I'm confused. When my dad's pancakes were heated up a lot, they became really hard and burnt. They didn't become mushy like the appl 
>> great observation, sid! So the heat changed the apples and made them soft, and it changed your dad's pancakes and made them hard and burnt. So what do you think heat does to things? 
>> It chges things! 
>> Exactly! And there are lots of different ways heat changes things. 
>> Wow! Can we, please, change the mushy apples back into uncooked apples and make applesauce all over again? 
>> Oh, I'd do it if I could, sid, but once apples are heated into mushy apples, they can't be changed back into raw apples. This is called irreversible change. 
>> Oh...Ok. Oh, wait. Can we do this investigation again another day? 
>> Absolutely! Now, let's take a look at your journals to see what observations you made. Gerald, can we see your journal? 
>> Yeah. Ok. Um, so we put all this stuff into a bowl, and then we tried to mash it up like this. Mash mash mash! And then the apples wouldn't mash! So, ok, then we heated up the apples and they got soft. Yeah! And then we could mash mash mash them and we made applesauce! Ha ha. 
>> Nice observations, gerald. 
>> Thank you. 

[00:15:18]


>> Now, sid, can we see your journal? 
>> Oh, sure. I wrote every step down so I can make applesauce at home with my mom and dad! First, we got all this stuff--ingredients--apples and water and some brown powder that made me sneeze...It's called cinominominonim. Something like that. And it all went into a bowl. Wheee! Then susie--that's you, of course--heated up the apples with the ingredients... And the apples got really mushy! And then we mixed it all together. And then we had...Applesauce! So, I'm gonna make applesauce at home with my parents. 
>> [Giggles] me, too! 
>> Ok, and then I'll come over to both your houses and eat the applesauce when you're done! 
[Laughter] 
>> I'm so proud of all my scientists! Ok, it's time for a snack break! 
>> All right. 
>> Ok. All right. Ha ha ha ah 
>> hey, sid! I just made up a new game. Do you want to play? 
>> Oh, you bet I do! Ha ha. May makes up the best games! 
>> Ok, now, look on the ground. We're in the shade and it's nice and cool. But over there where the sun is shining, we're gonna pretend the sun heated up the ground soooo much that it feels really, really hre! 
>> Ok! All right! I'm ready! Let's go! 
>> Ok.1... 2, 3! 
>> Ah! Ah! 
>> It's so hot! It's so hot! Back to the shade! Back to the shade! 
>> Ha ha ha. Ahhhh, oh, that's better. Back to the hot side! Come on! 
>> Ah, oooh! 
>> Back to the shade! Back to the shade! 
>> Ahhhh, much better. 
>> Ok, watch this! I'm gonna go way out now! Here I go! Ok! Ok! Ah! Ah! Ah! It's so hot! It's so hot! Oh, save me! Help! Help! Save me! It's so hot out here! 
>> [Both talng at once] ahh. 
>> Great game, may. 
>> Thanks, sid. C'mon, let's go play something else over here. 

[00:17:21]


>> Yeah. I told ya may makes up the best games! Ha ha! I'm coming. It's time for... 
>> Good laughternoon! 
[Laughter] 
>> oh, waiter? 
>> Yeah? 
>> I want a pancake, but I'm in a hurry. Will it be long? 
>> No, silly, it'll be round, just like all the other pancakes. 
[Laughter] 
>> knock knock. 
>> Who's there? 
>> Turnip. 
>> Turnip who? 
>> Ask your dad to turnip the heat on the stove. It's time to make pancakes! 
[Laughter] 
>> I love turnips. 
>> Knock knock! 
>> Sid, you know you don't have to knock. Come on in, and I'll give you a big hug! 
>> Oh, um, yeah, that's not necessary. 
>> You're my best friend! 
>> You're my best friend, too. 
[Laughter] 
>> now, that's funny! 
[Laughter] 
>> here we go. 
>> And now... 
>> It's time... 
>> For susie... 
>> To sing! 
>> Go, susie! [Cheering] 
>> oh, why, thank you. You know, all this talk about heat does remind me of a song. ?????? Welcome to the "cooking is chemistry show," step into the kitchen where the scientists go today, we're talking 'bout a favorite from coast to coast pancakes are what we love most a pancake that brings breakfast satisfaction is made by a red hot chemical reaction, once the heat from the stove does what it does, a pancake can't go back to the way it was 

[00:19:27]


>> no way! 
>> Today on the "cooking is chemistry show" heat equals energy--that's good to know! The transfer of heat from the stove to the pan cooks a pancake--you know that it can! Once you learn a fact, it cannot be unlearned, once you burn a pancake, it cann be unburned! Mm-hmm, you're toastin' a fluffy marshmallow way out on the range, if'n you burn it on the campfire, it won't be fluffy anymore ?????? that's irreversible change, pardner! ?????? Welcome to the "cooking is chemistry show," where something's always cooking, you know, today, we're talking 'bout a favorite from coast to coast we're changing bread into toast once you learn a fact it cannot be unlearned once you burn a piece of toast it cannot be unburned! So long from the "cooking is chemistry show," good-bye from the kitchen where the scientists go, irreversible change is something you know on the "cooking is chemistry" show! See you next time on the "cooking is chemistry" show! ?????? 
[cheering] 
>> that was great, susie! 
>> That was awesome! 
> Thank you. 
>> Great, but hold on a second. Heat changes things... 
>> Right. 
>> So that means, mom's pancakes are all soft and liquidy because she doesn't keep them on the stove long enough. 
>> You got it. 
>> Aha! And dad's pancakes get burnt because... 
>> They're on the stove too long! [Laughter] 
>> you figured it out! Great job, scientists. 

[00:21:30]


>> Thank you. 
>> Ok, scientists, it's me to go home. Follow me. Come on. 
>> Going home. Going home. 
>> Now, where's my sid? 
>> Right here, grandma! 
>> Oh...Ooh. Mwah. Now, okey-doke. Let's roll. 
>> Let's roll! 
[Singing indistinctly] backseat driving with grandma! 
[Laughter] 
>> all righty, kiddo. So, tell me, how was school today? 
>> Grandma, it was the best. I learned why your pancakes are so much better than mom's or dad's. It's about the heat! 
>> Exactly. Now let me tell you the best way to make a pancake. When I make pancakes, I use a big, old, iron skillet. It's not fancy, but it's tough and it gets the job done, just like me. [Laughs] now, here's the secret to my 
pancakes: I make sure the heat is just right on the stove. Not too high, not too low. Then I pour in the batter and closely observe it to wait for the bubbles to form on top. That's how I know the pancakes are ready to flip! And I'm a pretty good flipper, too! [Laughs] and that's how I make my perfect pancakes. 
>> Mmm. Hey, can we have some of those perfect pances for afternoon snack? 
>> Why not? Whoever said you can't have pancakes in the afternoon? 
>> Not me! 
>> [Chuckling] 
>> ha ha ha. My grandma's the best. ?????? I learned something cool! Something cool today! I know it upside down and inside out! I learned all ab.. ?????? 
>> [laughs] 
>> ?????? heat! ?????? 

[00:23:31]


>> whoo-hoo! 
>> Hoo-hoo. Scientist in the house! 
[Studio audience applause] 
>> aah! 
>> I'm stirring the batter! 
>> [Giggles] ok. Now, sid, I'm gonna put some of that batter in the frying pan. 
>> Ooh. Oh, boy, these pancakes are gonna be sooo good! 
>> You betcha. Oh, now, stay back from the stove. It's hot. 
>> Ok. 
>> Ok. Now, what did I say was the most important part of making a perfect pancake? 
>> Um, the heat. 
>> And? 
>> Oh, um, observe! Observe! Yeah! 
>> Right, son. 
>> I see that the pancake is, indeed, being changed by the heat! The edges are browning. It's changing, changing...The bubbles are forming! Ooh, it's time to flip. Flip! Flip! Flip! Flip it! Flip it! Yesss! Folks, we have light and fluffy pancakes! 
>> [Giggles] 
[studio audience applause] 
>> ha ha ha. I can't wait until the next time mom and dad make pancakes, 'cause I'm going to help! [Whispering] now, you and I know the secret. It's about the heat! 
[Normal voice] hey, grandma uses a pan to make pcakes. Hmm. I wonder what I could make with a super duper big pan? Ooh! Ok, I've got it! Here's my super duper ooper shmooper big idea! If I had a really, really, really big pan... One bigger than our whole house, I'd show everyone how heat changes things--great, big, delicious things, like the biggest chunk of chocolate in the world...Maybe even a giant chocolate mountain! And then, I'd put that big, old chunk of chocolate mountain into my big, big pan and I'd find something to heat it up and melt it, like the sun! Yeah, the sun's heat would change the giant chunk of chocolate into a melted pool of chocolate! I could have a chocolate pool party! And I'd have rafts made out of strawberries, and slides made of bananas! And then we'd eat the pool party. Yum! Hooray for heat! And that's my super duper ooper shmooper big idea! Ha ha. 

[00:25:51]


[Studio audience applause] ha ha. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah. Wha-pow. Heh heh. Oh, yeah. I am sid...The science kid. 
[Echoing] and remember, keep asking lots and lots of questions! See ya later, scientists! Whoo! 
>> Wow! Oh, hi. We're just checking out our web site. You can explore with us. 
>> Yeah! 
>> That's a great idea. Come join us. Visit pbskids.Org. There's a lot of great information for grown-ups, too. 
>> I think we look pretty good on the computer. Hey, scientists. There's lots more amazing science coming your way. My friends and i will learn how to use science tools, investigate how things change, discover our senses, and explore how to keep our bodies healthy. So, come join me--sid the science kid! 
[Captioning made possible by the jim henson company and friends of nci] 
[captioned by the national captioning institute 
--www.ncicap.org--] 
>> "Sid the science kid" is made possible by... First 5 california is a proud sponsor of "sid the science kid." 
>> At boeing, we believe the best way to prepare of our children take flight. Vinci is proud to sponsor "sid the science kid." Vinci believes a loving environment, combined with the right tools, helps each child to reach her full potential. 

[00:28:03]


Vinci: Technology for early learning-- to engage, to empower, and to inspire the genius in every child. 
>> And by contributions to your PBS STATION FROM...ththrough a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Department of Education. 
(school bell rings) 
KIDS: School! 
(pants, barks) 

﻿Title: Special Report With Bret Baier
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 6:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Good evening. I'm bret baier. 14 precious campaigning days left, president obama bowing to pressure from republicans and some democrats to define his second term agenda. How much is he defining? Tt romney emerged from the debates in better shape than he was at the start. Wall street is hit by bad earnings reports. Renewable fears of economic slowdown. The dow today plunged 243 points. Its worst single day showing since midjune. The s&p 500 dropped 21. Nasdaq fell 26-1/2. Ck to politics. The national race is perceived as dead even. The electoral contest has come down to handful of states. Fox team coverage. Chief white house correspondent ed henry tells us about the president's last minute reboot. We go first to chief political correspondent carl cameron with where the challenger is and where he goes from here. Good evening, carl. 
>> Hi, bret. Romney headed west to nevada to start his fal barnstorming swing of the last two weeks across the most coveted battleground state in the country. No that the final debate is in the history books to declare it a triumph. 
>> These debates have super charged our campaign. There is no question about it. We're seeing more and more enthusiasm, more and more support. With oar going to make sure that the campaign and the message of the debates, rather, the messages keep going across the country. 
>> The latest american research group poll shows romney trailing the president in silver state but within the margin of error. Real clear politic of average shows gap of less than three points. Romney unveiled three new tv ads using video from the debate to show voters a positive , aggress i performance. 
>> The president's path means 20 million people out of work struggling for a good job. I will get people back to work with 12 million new jobs. 
>> Instant poll had obama winning the w 53%. 24% said it was a tie. Cnn poll called it closer. President obama was on offense and attacked romney repeatedly. Romney agreed with aspects of the president foreign policy agenda but said killing bin laden is not a policy. 

[00:02:18]


>> I congratulate him on taking out bin laden and going after thedership in al-qaeda. We can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> What we need to do with respect the middle east is strong steady leadership. Not wrong and reckless leadership all over the map. 
>> Attacking me doesn't talk about how we'll deal with the challenges in the middle east and stem the tide of this violence. 
>> Romney by most accounts showed himself capable and in commander of issues. President belittled him for out of touch with military cuts. 
>> You mention the navy and we have fewer ships in 1916, governor we have fewer horses and bayonettes because the nature of our military changed. We have aircraft carriers where the planes land on them. Ships underwater, the nuclear submarines. 
>> The anti-romney super pac resumed attack on the business career. 
>> He promised us the same thing he promised the united states. He will give you the same thing he gave us. Nothing. 
>> G.O.P. Super pac crossroads trying to soften romney's image launching and featuring parents of terminally-ill teenager he befriended. 
>> He cares about people. 
>> One of romney's new spot is straight up attack from debate last night. 
>> The president began an apology tour, going to various nations and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw a weakness. 
>> Month ago, romney was trailing in the polls and many thought that the debates could knock him out permanently. It seemed only new jersey governor chris christie said it could turn the contest up side down. A month later the debates are over, romney's virtually tied or leading in most polls. Ris christie may have been right. Bret? 
>> Bret: Carl cameron live in dleshray beach, florida. Thank you. Now to the obama campaign. A bit of a change in presentation. If not product. Chief white house correspondent ed henry looks at whether today's roll-out is a better late than never scenario or political recycling. 

[00:04:19]


>> I am fired up right now. 
>> Meet the new agenda. Same as the old one for president obama. 
>> Here is my plan for the next four years. 
>> Making education and training a national priority. Building on manufacturing bill. Boosting american made energy. Reducing the deficit responsibly by cutting where we can, and asking wealthy to pay a little more. 
>> New ad that is a closing argument from the president for the final stretch. As republicans accuse him of laying out very few specifics. 
>> We haven't heard an agenda from the president. That's why, his campaign is taking on water and our campaign is -- 
[ inaudible ] 
>> he did lay out possible second term agenda in convention speech. They still felt the need today to unveil shiny new pamphlet headline "a plan for jobs and middle class security." The question is if there is a new way forward or repackaged from the first term as the president falls back to familiar rhetoric. 
>> We're not where we need to be. We have made progress. 
>> David axelr was upbeat and insisted it's romney's agenda outdated. 
>> We feel strongly that we have the winning hand. The president has a strong message about how we rebuild the economy. The specific steps we need to take. How we build the economy from the middle class out. This stands in stark contrast to the same old failed policies from what has been offered by governor romney. 
>> We have come up with a name. For the condition. It's romneyesia. We had a severe outbreak. 
>> The final case against romney the republican is able to recite the talking point in debate and on the stump but cannot be trusted to lead the country. 

[00:06:27]


>> In thepeeches, he is excellent and listing all the things that are wrong. That is not leadership you can trust. 
>> A few weeks ago, the obama camp was confident. Today, the senior advisor david plouffe told me we'll know in two weeks. One of sus right, one is wrong. The bravado is gone and they don't know how this will end. 
>> Defense industry workers who went to bed right after the debate resting the little easier perhaps. Because of the promise of no sequestration got a rude awakening this morning. doug McKelway tells us that is not what the president meant I apparently. 
>> Across the board cuts to take effect on january 2 and it happened when president said this. 
>> First, this is not something that I propose. This is something that congress proposed and won't happen. 
>> David plouffe walked it back telling reporters sequestration should not happen. The shift of the not so subtle acknowledgment that the threat of sequestration is a bargaining ship that they may use to get republicans in distasteful tax increases in the lame duck session. In virginia, where one out of four adults works at defense or government job threatened by sequesttion, defense contractor william hobson fears the impact. 
>> That is the biggest problem is the uncertainty. 
>> Northern virginia has largely been cushioned from the effect of the recession. If sequestration happens that will change. 

[00:08:34]


>> They are coming in virginia subject to sequestration. 
>> Economist fuller says virginia could lose 200,000 jobs and one reason that both the political parties two weeks away from a pivotal election are distancing themselveses from the painful potential cuts they agreed to in summer of 2011. That is in direct contra division to the warn act requiring the notification. 
>> It's akin to being in a car. You find you are playing chicken and you have the company in there. They are saying if we lower the cliff, we will help you out provided that you don't tell folks that are in the car with us. 
>> Senate republican graham and McCain sent a letter to the white house warning they will block any effort by the administration to reimburse the contractors, to fail to provide the warn act notification. 
>> It's the law of the land. Sequestration is the law of the land. No matter if you like the law you have to follow the law in america. 
>> The president's claim he did not propose sequestionsation, that congress did is challenge today by none other legendary reporter bob woodward who wrote about it in the book "the price of power." Today, he told politico what the president said is not correct. He is mistaken. It's refuted by people who work for him. Woodward said jack lew made the proposal and presented it to the senate majority leader harry reid who presented it to congressional republicans. Bret? 
>> Bret: Another countdown to the end of the year. Thank you. So what do you think about the looming defense cuts? Let me know on twitter. Follow me. @Bretbaier. One of the campaigns taken in $4.5 million from who knows where. We'll explain later in the grapevine. Up next, the smoking gun on the libya terror attack. was. Another holiday stuck at the kids table again. Then it happened. Every boy's dream. I got called up to the big leagues. I was finally a man... On my way to shaving, driving and staying up past midnight. 

[00:11:35]


[ whoosh ] 
[ whoosh ] 
[ whoosh ] Being an adult is overrated. 
[ Male Announcer ] HOLIDAYS AREN'T THE SAME Without the real cream of reddi-wip. The sound of reddi-wip 
[ whoosh ] IS THE SOUND OF JOY. 

[00:13:43]


>> Bret: Fox news is told about a smoking gun concerning the origin of last month's deadly terror attack in libya. We have new information tonight about one of the suspects. Chief intelligence correspondent catherine herridge is with me now. Good evening. 
>> Good evening. Thank you. Tunisia national was arrested in turkey and is held by the tunisian authority in connection with benghazi attack on 9/11. He's described as participant and not commander of the assault. He is among some two dozen individuals on a list of potential suspects who are linked to the attack and intelligence traffic, intercept in his case, bragging to a close circle of friends as well as surveillance camera video from the compound. Mike rogers is chairman of the house intelligence committee. 
>> I'm not comfortable with where were today tracking the folks that identifying, tracking and bringing to justice people killed in an american ambassador. 
>> Military expert say the use of mortar a the annex or cia outpost in benghazi deseb scrutiny because it's with the administration characterization attack as spontaneous or opportunenistic. 
>> The use of this, the effective use is the smoking gun showing that that was a preplanned terrorist operation. 
>> While the annex was struck in the second wave of the attack, approximately 0430. The location was designated in advance when the visual contact with the target was possible. 
>> Mortar was set up in hours of daylight to make sure they had, again, the compass angle. Exactly right. 
>> Given the first two mortars nearly missed the annex with a sub scant two rails making direct hit, experts say the mortar team had help on the ground. More evidence of coordination and premeditation. 
>> A spotter has to see the initial strike of the rounds and adjust that deflection and distance so the next set of rounds land on target. 
>> From a military perspective, that is graduate level work. 

[00:15:46]


>> Fox news is told attackers use so-called blocking teams to block off any pass between the consulate and annex a mile away. 
>> The u.S. Officials insist the attackers and the mortar team battle hardened. Of the uprising against the dictator gaddafi. They had the ability to pull together that operation on the day without advanced planning. 
>> Bret: Okay. We'll stay on it. Thank you. 
>> You're welcome. 
>> Bret: Activists in syria say at least 20 people were killed when government forces shelled a bakery in aleppo. They say the dead include women and children. Bakery is a little over a mile from the front lines. Still ahead, we will tell you who got it right and who got it wrong in last night's debate. A little fact checking. First, new information on the libya scandal from the vice chairman of the senate intelligence committee. next? He's going to apply testosterone to his underarm. AXIRON, the only underarm treatment for low T, can restore testosterone levels back to normal in most men. AXIRON is not for use in women or anyone younger than 18. AXIRON can transfer to others through direct contact. Women, especially those who are or who may become pregnant, and children should avoid contact where AXIRON is applied as unexpected signs of puberty in children or changes in body hair or increased acne in women may occur. Report these signs and symptoms to your doctor if they occur. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions and medications. Do not use if you have prostate or breast cancer. Serious side effects could include increased risk of prostate cancer; worsening prostate symptoms; decreased sperm count; ankle, feet, or body swelling; enlarged or painful breasts; problems breathing while sleeping; and blood clots in the legs. Common side effects include skin redness or irritation where applied, increased red blood cell count, headache, diarrhea, vomiting, and increase in PSA. See your doctor, and for a 30-day free trial, go to Axiron.com. 

[00:19:52]


>> Bret: Tonight we have new information on hunt for terrorist responsible from the libyan attack. Georgia senator saxby chambliss joins us from new york. Thank you for being here. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Bret: Before you came on, I don't know if you heard but herron had a report about a tunisia national. One of I guess two dozen individuals. What can you tell us about him in what about the process of tacking the people down? 
>> Unfortunately we don't know much about him because we have not had access to him. That is one of the problems of the policy of the administration. The turks did take possession of him but they weren't prepared to let us have any access and didn't. Now that they turned him over to the tunisians, I hope eventually we will. 
>> We know he is a member of organization in libya with close ties to al-qaeda. The leadership trained in camps in afghanistan. Hopefully at some point in the near future our f.B.I. Is going to be able to have access to him. 
>> Bret: Is f.B.I. Running point on this? 
>> They are. Anytime we have an instance like this, even though it happens overseas, violation of american law. Under our judicial system the f.B.I. Takes the lead. Unfortunate that the f.B.I. Has been handicapped by the libyans not letting them have access. Both to the site in benghazi as well as access to the individuals who were involved. Yet the press has been able to go to benghazi. They have been able to talk freely with some of the individuals who were guards. Witnesses. Of one form or another. The administration has not pushed the libyan government to give the f.B.I. The access they need. 

[00:22:04]


>> What we heard if from the administration it's dangerous for the f.B.I. Is that not the case? Are they held back from the libyans? 
>> Not a safe place for sure. We can protect the f.B.I give them the access they need. The f.B.I. Does not have that access. 
>> Bret: Greg palkot was on the ground giving a tour of the compound. You are not happy with the hunt for people responsible? 
>> I'm not in least. Neither with the way it proceededdor access we've been given. This individual in the hands of tunisian is a claic example of what happens when you have lack of policy and detention and interrogation. Once the president in january of 2009 signed the executive order, saying we are going to shut down guantanamo, any enemy combatant as this individual is there are no policy in place to take possession and interrogate him in a way to gain valuable information. Not only that, but it doesn't appear to be any effort to get our hands on this guy. Who is one of any number of which we don't know yet. Arou 100 to 150 of all likelihood of the individuals who participated in the attack. 
>> Bret: I don't want to relitigate the things the administration said and when they said it, but I want to ask one thing. You found out within the first 24 hours from the intelligence community that was a terrorist attack. We heard from report, numerous outlets that the president didn't get a daily brief that said that until september 22. Is that possible in your frame of mind? You're on the intelligence committee. How do you process that? 

[00:24:19]


>> I hope that is not the case. We know the president got a briefin 24 hours at that point in time. When is the next briefing he got? We members of the intelligence committee don't get a daily report on whether the president got a update on not, but the reports are accurate, then I'm astonished because i can tell you, members of the house intelligence committee and members of the senate intelligence committee in bipartisan way asking hard and tough questions of the intelligence community on daily basis. Often times more than once a day. We were demanding to know what went on. If the president was not doing that, then I would be shocked. 
>> Bret: You were saying from the beginning you were hearing it was a military type attack. Terrorists attack and terrorist related and coordinated. 
>> No question about it. Unfortunately did not have the right kind of intelligence to let us know it was going to happen. Nor did we have the right intelligence a happened. Based on the information we had, we knew pretty quickly that it was a planned attack. Carried out by terrorists who obviously that were focused on this particular consulate. We can only assume that it was al-qaeda attack or affiliate. Turns out it looks like what it was. 
>> Bret: Only a few second here. Last night the president said the sequester, the dense cuts is not, it will not happen. Ter the debate, the top aide david plouffe said sequestration should not happen. Are you surprised by back track? What the president said and the back trac? 
>> I was surprised. Out there saying that this is foolish to do this. We semipli put a gun to our head. If president said congress did it, give me a break. A woodward said and the book states the idea of the sequester came from administration. It came from the white house. A foolish idea but we're stuck with it. It is the law. I'm not sure whether the president is coming from in saying that sequestration is not going to happen. He is the one that has been saying he will veto any plan that comes to the desk that seeks to void sequestration. 

[00:27:02]


>> Bret: Senator, thank you very much for the time. In a european country scientists that can't predict the future go to jail. Grapevine is next. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. 

[00:30:52]


>> Bret: Fresh pickings from the political grapevine. New report says president obama's campaign receive $4.5 million this year from people who refuse to provide a zip code or claim to live in a zip code that does not exist. The government accountability institute says the romney campaign took in $300,000. Team obama tells fox news, the data they are using to make their case is not correct. They are making incorrect assumptions about what it means. The "washington examiner" notes ironically president obama suggested that republicans would benefit from illegal foreign donations during the 2010 "stat of the union" address. The gai previously reported only half of federal campaigns failed. To verify the location of donors. The investigative project on terrorism, another data collection, data gathering center on islamists, though, is accusing the obama administration of allowing scores of known radical islamists to make hundreds of visits to the white house. It cites court documents and other records to identify visitors belonging to groups serving as front for the muslim brotherhood, hamas, and other islamist militant organizations. We reached out to the white house for reaction on that and have not heard back. Finally, seven scientists in italy have been sentenced to six years each in prison for failing to adequately warn residents of a deadly earthquake. The 2009 trembleer killed more than 300 people. The defendants were convicted of manslaughter. As you might imagine, the scientific community in italy was outraged. And worried saying there was no way to know blurry of tremors would lead to the deadly quake. Today, four top italian disaster experts quit their posts in protest. Now back to american politics. You heard the arguments in last night's debate. Now it's time to separate fact from fiction. Chief congressional correspondent mike emanuel on what the candidates got right and wrong. One of the tense's moments of the final presidential debate involved the charge president obama apologized to other countries for america behavior. 

[00:33:00]


>> And the president began what I called an apology tour. Of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> This has been probably the biggest whop they're has been told in the course of this campaign. Every fact-checker and reporter looked at it, governor, said this is not true. 
>> Mr. President, the reason i call it an apology tour, is because you went to the middle east. You flew to egypt. And to saudi arabia. And to turkey and iraq. Then in those nations, on arabic tv, you said america has been dismissive and derisive. You said that america dictated other nations. America has not dictated to other nations. We have freed other nations from dictators. 
>> Shortly after taking office in 2009, amid a string of highly criticized photo ops, mr. Obama did use some of the words romney mentioned while overseas. 
>> In america, there is a failure to appreciate europe's leading role in the world. Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you, to meet common channels, there have been times where americans showed arrogance. And been dismissive. Even derisive. 
>> In cairo, mr. Obama said 9/11 led america to act contrary to the traditions and our ideals. One claim romney made was geographically challenged. 
>> Syria is iran's only ally in t arab world. Their route to the sea. 
>> Iran actually has access to the persian gulf. And doesn't share a border with syria. And though it was a foreign policy debate, a testy moment came when mr. Obama said the f he had taken romney's advice we'd be buying cars from china instead of selling to them. Romney pushed back. 
>> I said they need the companies, the companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy and in that process, they can get government help and government guarantees but they need to go through a bankruptcy to get rid of the excess cost. The debt burden they built up. Fortunately -- 
>> gor romney that is not what you said. 

[00:35:03]


>> You can take a look -- 
>> you did not say you would provide help. 
>> Romney wrote op-ed on november 128, 2008 where he sa the federal government should provide guarantees for the post bankruptcy financing and assure car buyers' their warranties are not at risk. 
>> Thank you. The fox all-stars break down the final debate when we come back. hard family. And also to build my career. So I'm not about to always let my frequent bladder urges, or the worry my pipes might leak get in the way of my busy lifestyle. That's why I take care, with VESIcare. Once-daily VESIcare can help control your bladder muscle and is proven to treat overactive bladder with sympts of frequent urges and leaks day and night. If you have certain stomach or glaucoma problems, or trouble emptyin your bladder, do not take VESIcare. VESIcare may cause allergic reactions that may be serious. If you experience swelling of the face, lips, throat or tongue, stop taking VESIcare and get emergency help. Tell your doctor right away if you have severe abdominal pain, or become constipated for three or more days. VESIcare may cause blurred vision, so use caution while driving or doing unsafe tasks. Common side effects are dry mouth, constipation, and ingestion. I've worked hard to get to where I am... and I've got better aces to go than always going to the bathroom. So take charge of your symptoms by talking to your doctor and go to vesicare.c for a free trial offer. 

[00:38:43]


>>> You mentioned the navy for example and we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayoneetes, because the nature of our military has changed. We have things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have ships that go under water. Nuclear submarines. And so the question is not a game of battleship. 
>> Bret: Well, that is from last night's debate. The final debate. And the fall-out today. As all kind of people weighed in. The polls have not obviously factored in yet but it is a close race across the country. Bring in our panel. Steve hayes for "weekly standard." A.B. Stoddard, associate editor of the hill. Syndicated columnist charles krauthammer. A.B., You didn't weigh in last night. That moment caught a lot of eyeballs today. 
>> I thought that president obama at times was defense and a little desperate. I thought he was obnoxious but I think he won the debate in that he did not lose the debate. He gave a command performance, he was the commander-in-chief, he knew what he was talking about and defended his record most importantly. He didn't deliver the kind of performance that he had had in the first debate. He didn't fail. He needed to keep it tight. I think at the same time, romney did not lose that debate. He surprised many people. His decision to forego an opportunity to challenge the president on benghazi. Terrible story to the administration. Was a real stunner to many people. He agreed with him on many things. Flipping around again on afghanistan. Swerving around with a new discussion of a comprehensive middle east strategy to involve economic and education opportunities for people in order to persuade them to reject jihad. This is a new romney doctrine we haven't heard of before. Behe did not make a mistake and he did not fall on his face. He did not want to get in a fight to make obama look like he was ready for war and eager for military intervention in the middle east. That was his objective. He achieved it. By that, I think he succeeded in passing the calm, steady knowledgeable commander-in-chief threshold. That is all he needed to do. 

[00:40:59]


>> Bret: Last night, chris wallace said after the debate if you look at it you'd think romney was the president and perhaps barack obama was the challenger. Is it possible going in, mitt romney is a guy who looks at the numbers very closely. That they looked at internal numbers and said we need to hold this ball. That it was behind the strategy. On the flip side that the president needed to take some swings. 
>> I think romney decided that with the first debate he met the crucial threshold for being acceptable alternative to the presidency. And once he achieved that, he was on a roll. People aren't happy with the obama record. And they don't see an obama agenda. It's like 1980, you have to believe reagan was not a nutcase once he met the threshold for theeptable alternative, it was over. Romney reached the threshold in first debate. He may have calculated decision about he is not going to jeopardize that getting in a fistfight. Obama on the other hand was, i think, attacking all the time. Interrupting a lot. The clip we saw about the navy stuff was perfect example of his, I think, why he failed last night. It was small. Condescending and off the mark. What is the point he is trying to make? That because we have high-tech weaponry, we therefore don't need a navy or we need a smaller navy? What did you think that we're retiring? Dinghies? What we're doing when we shrink the navy is retiring important capital ships. He says, you know, president, mr. Romney, you know we have aircraft carriers. So what is his point here? Because it's high-tech and because it's multiplier of power we only have to have smaller ships? Aircraft carriers don't patrol alone. For every one out there, you have ten times support ship. That is not an argument slinking the navy. I'm not sure that there were people in norfolk, virginia, who he needs that is to hear that the navy is obsolete and shrink it at will. 

[00:43:09]


>> Romney was playing not to lose the debate. I don't think he lost it. Obama played seriously to win the debate. We go in with two questions of the outcome of the debate. Does the president's condescending and disrespectful treatm of romney hurt him with independents? There is a chance it could. The mocking that you played there. He said governor I'm glad to think you think al-qaeda is a threat. Faz there's an indication that romney doesn't think it's a threat. Will romney's attempt to be above the fray end up making him look weak and that he doesn't have strong convictions or views on these things given the number of times he agreed with the president. 
>> Bret: I want to play a long section, back and forth and we heard about it on the apology tour. Just see the interaction between the two. 
>> The president began what i called the apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. 
>> This has been the biggest whopper told in the campaign. Every fact checker and reporter looked at it, governor, said it's not true. 
>> The reason I call it an apology tour is because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt. To saudi arabia and turkey and iraq. And by way, you skipped israel. Our closers friend in the region. You went to the other nations. By the way, they noticed that you skipped israel. And then in those nations, arabic tv you said america had been dismissive and derisive. You said it on occasion that america dictated to other nations. Mr. President, america has not dictated to other nations we freed nations from dictators. 

[00:45:14]


>> Bob, if we are going to talkut trips we have taken, when I was a candidate for office, the first trip i took was to visit troopsment I went to israel as candidate I didn't take donors or attend fundraisers. I went to the holocaust museum there to remind myself the nature of evil. And why our bond with israel will be unbreakable. Then I went to the border towns that experienced missiles raining down from hamas. 
>> Bret: Charles? 
>> That was I thought the moment of this debate. I think that is where romney scored the zinger he said america doesn't dictate, america liberates other countries. Then obama goes off in a fog about trips he has taken. Since we're talking about trips, this isn't about competing travel logs. The issue here is about the president is on the foreign soil, does he denigrate the united states or does he defend the honor and the purpose and the nobility of the united states? That is the crucial issue. You know, people don't care that much about our policy in syria. And they care nothing about the policy in mali, which we heard a lot about. They care how we are seen in world and how we defend ourselves and carry ourselves in the world. That I thought was a devastating, devastating statement that romney made and obama had nowhere to go on that. 
>> Bret: Quickly, a.B. 
>> I thought that was the moment of the night. Again, I think that because romney had that moment, and one or two others, again, without making a mistake he was really able to pass the test. He knows what he is talking about. Rod the to be the commander-in-chief. 
>> Bret: Where does it leave us for final two weeks? We talk about that when we come back. 

[00:47:17]


[ Male Announcer ] YOU'VE REACHED THE AGE Where you don't back down from a challenge. This is the age of knowing how to make things happen. Sowhy let erectile dysfunction get in your way? Talk to your doctor about viagra. 20 million men already have. Ask your doctor if your heart is healthy enough for sex. Do not take viagra if you take nitrates for chest pain; it may cause an unsafe drop in blood pressure. Side effects include headache, flushing, upset stomach, and abnormal vision. To avoid long-term injury, seek immediate medical help for an erection lasting more than four hours. Stop taking viagra and call your doctor right away if you experience a sudden decrease or loss in vision or hearing. This is the age of taking action. Viagra. Talk to your doctor. together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 
[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 

[00:50:35]


>>> In this campaign, I've laid out a plan for jobs, and middle class security. Unlike mitt romney, I'm actually proud to talk about what is in it. 
[ Applause ] because my plan actually will move america forward. 
>> This is a status quo candidacy. His is a message of going forward with the same policies the last four years. And that is why his campaign is slipping and that's why ouing so much steam. 
>> Bret: Obama campaign putting out glossy brochure today. The new portfolio, if you. Will I'm not sure if many analysts looking at it would sat's a new plan. Back with the panel. A.B., A lot of if things in there we heard before. Packaled differently but we heard it before. 
>> This is reaction to panic the democratic ranks in the last few weeks that he is blowing the debates, slipping in the polls and the criticism from romney and ryan he didn't have a plan was, you know, resonating. Legitimate one. It would cost the president and come up with the plan if it holds up now, a plan for six months they have been handing out events. The next two weeks are not about the plan. They're about the ground operation. Intensity on the republican side. So much greater than the enthusiasm on the democratic side. That president obama really gets to prove now that his ground game for a year-and-a-half is truly second to none, because if it's not. He is going to lose. It's really a question of finding those voters who are soft supporters. They're disappointed. They don't want to support romney and happy to stay home. Getting them to the polls and without them he doesn't make it. 
>> Bret: For all the criticism about mitt romney not having specifics, and paul ryan not having specifics if you look through the pamphlet, there is a question about specifics. About the president's plan. On entitlement reform. On a lot of different topics. 

[00:52:48]


>> The difference isn't which candidate has specifics. The difference is who the media pestered until they provide specifics. President never offered specifics about the medicare reform or driver of the debt. He get aceway with it, he gets a pass. We have seen the president and obama campaign and administration do this before. They think it's a communication problem. Not a substance problem. So they repackage it and present it in different ways and give you a glossy. That is not the problem here. The problem is the substance. The problem is the record. One of the most important lines we heard is the one you played for romney, he is now making the argument, I expect him to continue to do this for the next two weeks. Barack obama is the status quo candidate. Romney is the candidate of change. He is the candidate of reform. What the president is doing is what is not been working. That will be a pretty effective argument, if he labels that it way. 
>> Bret: Charles, it seems the president has come up with a new slogan that there is an affliction, romneynesia and a severe outbreak last night. Stage three romneynesia. He gets laughs on the stump. What about the closing argument for the president in the last two weeks and what you expect to see from him? 
>> When your closing arguement is holding up a glossy with nothing in it and saying i have a plan, read it, you have nothing. They tried the ideology in the first term, went the stimulus and obama kerr and regulation. They went with everything. Economy the worst recovery since second world war and slowing. What will they offer? He is not going to -- he could have done a clinton and gone back to the center as he did in '96. Triangulateed and that is not obama, not who he is. He doesn't have an agenda. He is running on kill romney. That worked because he had all the money and there were no answers to all the ads until the first debate. He has run out of ideas. That is his problem right now. 

[00:54:56]


>> Bret: What is the hope for democrats if they close to win? What is their closing hope? 
>> I don't know what the closing argument will be. I think they only turn out as a result of fear. There is a better chance to get them in the car. 
>> If not I don't think enough turn out. 
>> That is it for the panel. We'll be in ohio next week. Bill hemmer will be there. That is ground zero. Stay tuned to see two specific groups that the campaigns are trying to sway. Begin. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. Wahlalalalallala! Smooth, but crisp. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, woooooh! 
[ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Could've had a v8. Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! Oh...there you go. Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! I'm gonna stand up to her! No you're not. I know. You know Ronny folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. How happy are they Jimmy? Happier than a witch in a broom factory. t happy. Get GEICO. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more. ?????? ?????? 

[00:57:07]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME FOR MEDICARE Open enrollment. Are you ready? Time to compare plans and see what's new. You don't have to make changes, but it's good to look. Maybe you can find better coverage, save money, or both. And check out the preventive benefits you get after the health care law. ???????????? medicare open enrollment. Now's the time. Visit medicare.Gov or call 1-800-medicare. ?????? ?????? 
>> Bret: Finally tonight, microtargetting. Each campaign has different tactics to go after different groups. Each demographic have different things they pay attention to, different messaging that works with each different group. When it comes to moms and dads though, well, there are big differences. ?????? ?????? 

[00:59:07]


>> oh, see mom walking along the lake there? The baby is all tucked in with the stroller. 
>> Here is dad. 
>> Pretty tough to get that dad to stop for a campaign ad. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this "special report," fair, balanced and unafraid. 
>> Bret: This is "the fox report." Tonight, a bad day in the market. What made it one of the worst days of this year. 

﻿Title: Starting Point
Description: Soledad O'Brien looks ahead to the days top news and events.
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 1/2/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Military has changed. 
>> I'm a son of detroit. I was born in detroit. My dad was head of a car company. I like american cars. 
>> Complete analysis for us with ohio senator rob portman, ambassador nicolas burns and massachusetts senator john kerry. IT'S TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23rd. And "starting point" begins right now. We're coming to you live from boca raton in florida. 
>>> Good morning. Welcome, everybody. We're coming to you from boca raton in florida. Our "starting point" this morning, a more forceful president obama,ore measured mitt romney. Last night's foreign policy debate here in florida, right here, in fact, is in the books now. And when it was over, a cnn/ poll of debate watchers favored the president over mr. Romney, 48% to 40%. Let's get right to senior congressional correspondt dana bash who was watching that debate. Good morning. 
>> Good morning. Look, we know this entire election year debates have really mattered. But this one was a little bit tricky because it's about foreign policy. That's not high on the priority list for voters. So each candidate really tried to make it a test of leadership. Especially the president. 
>> Reporter: Mitt romney came wanting voters to see him as commander in chief. The commander in chief came determined to make sure that didn't happen. 
>> I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy. But, every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> Reporter: Time and time again the president's harsh criticism dripped with sarcasm. 
>> A few months ag when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda, you said russia. THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING TO ASK For their foreign policy back. Because, you know, the cold war's been over for 20 years. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. They said they needed 313 ships to carry out the mission, we're at 285. 

[00:02:00]


>> I think governor romney hasn't spent enough time looking at how our mitary works. You mentioned the navy, for example, and we have fewer ships than in 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets. Because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things calle aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have these ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. 
>> Before the debate, romney advisers told cnn he would not be the scrappy candidate we saw in the last one. Instead, stay solid and steady. Not take the president's bait. 
>> And attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Reporter: Romney repeatedly blamed the president for failing to lead on global hot spots. 
>> You look at the record of the last four years and say is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tumult? 
>> Yes. Is al qaeda on the run, on its heels? No. Are israel and the palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. 
>> Reporter: But for the most part, romney was calm in demeanor and remarkably agreeable on policy from syria to egypt to afghanistan. 
>> Well, we're going to be finished by 2014. And when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Reporter: In fact, the republican who democrats try to paint as a war monger used the opening minutes to position himself as a peacemaker. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> Reporter: Romney successfully got under the president's skin by repeating this allegation. 
>> And then the president began what I've called an apology tour by going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. 
>> All you had to do was watch the candidates time and time again try to pull the issues back home to the economy, whether it was about the auto bailout, or education, teachers. It was very clear, soledad, that this is a foreign policy debate but they know what's on the minds of voters. 

[00:04:13]


>> I think it's so interesting, really, in the days after the debate, right, when you see how the numbers move or don't move depending on how the debate went. I think that will be interesting to see as well. Dana, thanks a lot. We bring in ohio republican senator rob portman. You were obviously playing president obama in the mock debates. So when you see the candidate who you've been prepping all along in his performance on foreign policy, what did you think? 
>> Well, you know, I thought it was a good night forernor romney because I think he appeared reassuring and thoughtful and knowledgeable. Having played president obama, i wasn't surprised by a whole lot that he said because it's sort of the same lines. 
>> He was aggressive. Did you practice that? I mean -- 
>> I did. You kind of expected it. He feels like he's a little behind right now, I think, so we expect him to come out on the attack, and he did. I thought one of the effective lines from governor romney when he said the attack on me is not an agenda. I think that was where the president fell a little short. He didn't offer an agenda or a vision for the future on the international side just as he did not on the domestic side in the first couple debates. 
>> Let's throw up poll numbers, cnn/orc poll among debate watchers. The question was who won the debate. It was president obama with 48%, and governor romney had 40%. Then there's another poll about who seemed to be a stronger leader, and the divided it up among men and women, and you can see if you pop it up, women for president obama, a high number. Kind of switched a little bit for governor romney. I guess all of that would leave folks to say there's this gender gap. Are you worried about that gender gap? 
>> Well, the polling that I'm interested in is what do the independent and undecided voters think? And what kind of impression did governor romney leave? There's another poll, it was a ptp poll which is considered to be a more democrat leaning polling organization and they said among undecided voters, people felt as though governor romney did better. I think that's because, frankly, people are looking at the attack ads, and many democrats, i think, who are advising president obama kind of had them believing those attack ads, as well. That's not the governor romney they saw last night. They somebody who was reassuring and ready to be commander in chief. 
>> We could spend a whole day talking about polls, bought i thought this one was interesting, cnn/orc poll, who did the debate make you more likely to vote for. President obama 24%, mitt romney, 25%, and neither with a high of 50%. More people felt like, eh. 

[00:06:27]


>> Well, you know, I think the foreign policy issue, as dana said, is not the top issue in the country right now. It's jobs and the economy. They did bring it back to that a few times. Appropriately, really, because our ability to be strong overseas is dependent on our ability to be stronger at home. I think on those issues, governor romney is doing better because he's talking about a vision. He's talking about a strategy to get us back on track. And even last night when he talked about it, he was able to say, also, on the foreign policy side, it's important for us to have a vision to deal with the underlying causes, for instance, of islamic extremism. That's why I think it was a good debate for governor romney. 
>> Senator, soledad was talking about women, about the gender gap. How much of the strategy of really trying to be even-keeled, almost -- sounded like a dove, governor romney, like a real peace make, not a war monger, how much of that was really, specifically, aimed at the female vote. 
>> I don't know if it was aimed at the women vote but I think it was effect not just for women but for everybody to understand that the war monger image that democrats would like to have portrayed simply is not true. This is a guy who believes in peace through strength. Yes he believes we should have a strong military, tighten sanctions on iran. But because the diplomatic solution ought to be the one that is successful, and to maximize that you want to have a strong position. So I thought that was a good debate in many respects for governor romney. Probably the best was reassuring, he was thoughtful and knowledgeable and showed he's ready to be commander in chief. 
>> I was doing the focus group in orlando which meant a really long drive late last night after the debate and one of the focus group people, actually a couple of them were saying that they felt, it struck them that governor romney agreed with president obama a lot. A number of times during the debate. I want to play a few chunks of that first. 
>> I felt the same as the president did. I want to underscore that the same point the president made. The president was right to up the usage of that technology. 
>> There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we id, but you'd say them louder. 

[00:08:32]


>> So, is that problematic? When you have both campaigns that have said there are clear differences. This is how you're basically being attacked by a fly here. This is, you know, the are clear differences between the two campaigns. Now you have a chance to make a real, you know, different choice, and, and, a lot of that debate sounded like well, what he said. Yeah, you know, I agree with what he said. Is that problematic? 
>> I thought when governor romney did that it was refreshing to a lot of undecided voters who are tired of the attacks back and forth and the politics. And look, when governor romney thought the president was right he said so. He also made it clear, by the way, that although he supported the drone attacks, he supported going after bin laden, that that was not sufficient. And that's when he said we cannot kill our way out of these problems we need to provide a vision and a strategy for the future that deals with the underlying problems here. Of islamic extremism, and the spread of it. 
>> Was it contradictory, though? If you look at afghanistan, i think, as a good example from last night. And I think we have a chunk of that. Let's play a little bit. Here's what governor romney said about when he is president. 
>> When I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. The commanders and the generals there are on track to do so. We've seen progress over the past several years. The surge has been successful. And the training program is proceeding apace. 
>> So, previously, and I think a number of times, he said, you know, a withdrawal date is wrong. Do not name a withdrawal date. Isn't that a contradiction to now say, 2014. End of 2014. 
>> He's always said that it shouldn't be publicly announced because it helps our enemies. 
>> It was just publicly announced. 
>> No, he thinks we ought to get out by 2014. The question is how you communicate it and whether you listen to the commanders on the ground about how you get there. He talked about that, as well. Also on iraq he agreed with the president we should have a status of forces agreement. It's what the president wanted to be able to relieve some troops on the ground. The president is now reversing himself on that apparently and saying I guess he didn't want a status of forces aagreement. He tried hard to negotiate one and he failed. So I think what you saw last night was, you know, frankly governor romney saying, look, all along I believed we ought to get out of afghanistan. We ought to do it in a way, though, that is consistent with what our commanders on the ground think we ought to go in terms of the time frame. In terms of how we do it. And he wants to get out in 2014. Kind of hard for the president to say there's a distinction there, he does, again, governor romney does believe that we ought to be listening to commanders about how we get to 2014. He believes we ought to get out. 

[00:10:57]


>> He had a bit of what i thought was a gaffe on sort of a geography, right, when said syria is iran's only ally in the arab world, it's their route to the sea, it's the route for them to arm hezbollah and lebanon which threatens, of course, our ally israel. And I think if you had a map of, of, you'd see that, in fact, there's -- that's not their only route to the see. That, that's -- 
>> and iran is not -- 
>> and iran has 1400 miles of, of, what do you call it waterfront basically and syria has something like 119. Is that an indication of not really understanding the geography of what is a truly critical part of the world, in a truly critical conversation about foreign policy? 
>> Well, the route to the sea is the route to the mediterranean sea. And in terms of the iranian influence in the region, he's absolutely right. That their most important ally, and what's going on in syria is important to the syrian people. It's important for israel. But it's also important in relation to iran, and their interests in expanding their influence. So I think he, you know, he was correct in talking about the importance of syria. 
>> All right. Senator portman. Nice to have you with us this morning. 
>> Soledad. 
>> The sun is rising behind us, which we're happy to see. Appreciate your time. 
>> Thanks for having on. 
>> At the bottom of the hour we're going to be talking democratic reaction with senator john kerry massachusetts. He played mitt romney in the president's debate -- working with all the stand-ins this morning. 
>> I think kerry and I should go at it. 
>> That would make good tv. 
>> That would be very interesting. If you missed any of last night's debate you can watch it again today, noon eastern on cnn. We're going to be replaying that debate for you. Want to get back to new york now. John berman's got a look at some of the other stories making news this morning. 
>> Good morning, soledad. The outbreak of fungal meningitis is getting worse. Federal officials now report 23 people have died in 16 states. And the total number of cases has gone up to 297. This outbreak has been linked to steroid pain injections made by the new england compounding center in massachusetts. Reuters report that health officials inspected the company ten years ago due to complaints about those injections. 

[00:12:57]


>>> The fda investigating whether monster energy drinks may have contributed to the death of five people since 2009. This comes after the company was hit with a lawsuit in connection with a maryland teenager's death. Monster is selling the top selling energy drink in the u.S. It comes in 24 ounce cans. It contains 240 milligrams of caffeine. That's about seven times the caffeine in a 12-ounce coke. 
>>> The es changed wife who was the target of the shooting rampage at that milwaukee area spa is being called a hero. One of zena haughton's clients told the chicago tribune she approached her husband and tried to shield a receptionist as she attempted to defuse the situation on sunday. Police say radcliff haughton shot seven women, including three of them whom he killed, including zina. He then shot and killed himself. 
>>> We have some liftoff. Just minutes ago a soyuz rocket launched from kazakhston sending three new crew members into ash bit. They're en route to the international space station at this very moment. It includes two cosmonauts and nasa flightngineer kevin ford. They're scheduled to arrive at the space station on thursday. 
>>> Okay the giants win the pennant. The giants win the pennant. No, it is not 1951. It's 2012. The giants ruthed the cardinals 9-0 to win the alcs in seven games. San francisco is 6-0 in games where they face elimination this postseason. The giants will have home field advantage in the world series against the detroit tigers. Game one is tomorrow night in san francisco. Are you ready? Soledad? Yeah, it's good to see even when you're not necessarily rooting for the team, my yankees, kind of, whatever. But it's always fun to watch when they're celebrating. All right, john, thank you. Stl ahead this morning on "starting point," during the debate did mitt romney miss a chance to question the president about the attack in benghazi and that time line? We're going to talk this morning with ambassador nicolas burns coming up next. And apple lovers get ready, the company is announcing a smaller version of what of their most popular items today. been man. After you jumped ship in Bangkok, I thought I'd lost you. 

[00:15:18]


>>> Surfing is my life now. But who's going to .... 
>>> tell the world that Priceline has even faster, easier ways to save you money. . . on hotels, flights & cars? You still have it. 
>>> I'll always have it. So this is it? 
>>> We'll see where the waves take me. Sayonara, brah! When we got married. I had three kids. And she became the full time mother of three. It was soccer, and ballet, and cheerleading, and baseball. Those years were crazy. So, as we go into this next phase, you know, a big part of it for us is that there isn't anything on the schedule. ?????? ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] At Yoplait, we want you to feel even better about your favorite flavors. So when you call, tweet, and post, we listen. That's why Yoplait Light and Yoplait Original are now made with no high fructose corn syrup. And why we use only natural colors and natural flavors in Yoplait Original. So, anything else we can do for you, let us know. But you'll keep it to yogurt, right? 'Cause we shouldn't really help with your love life. Yoplait. It is so good! 

[00:18:17]


>>> Welcome back to "starting poin" minding your business this morning, is the ipad about to go mini? Appl making a product announcement today and rumors in the tech world, hint the ipad screen could shrink from 10 inches to 7.8 inches on its new model. Expect it to cost somewhere between about $250 to $350. We're going to find out for sure in a few hours. 
>>> U.S. Stock futures are down sharply after markets closed flat yesterday. Dow futures down more than 100 points. A lot of worries about the earnings season. Facebook earnings come out after the closing bell. Shares have been cut in half since the company went public in may. Facebook's been having trouble communicating its plans for mobile advertising and how to generate revenue that way. Soledad? 
>> All right, christine. Thank you very much. The election now exactly two weeks away. During the third and final debate last night, the gloves were kind of off. Listen. 
>> The challenge we have, I know you haven't been in a positn to actually execute foreign policy, but every time you've offered an opinion, you've been wrong. 
>> America must be strong. America must lead, and for that to happen we have to strengthen our economy here at home. You can't have 23 million people struggling to get a job. 
>> Joining us this morning from cambridge, massachusetts, is former u.S. Ambassador to nato and former undersecretary of state for political affairs nicolas burns. Nice to see you, sir. Thank you very much for talking with us. Who do you think in your opinion was stronger in this debate? 
>> Oh, I think, soledad, by any objective measure I think president obama was the more knowledgeable and more self-assured on foreign policy. He has a very good grasp of these issues. Obviously he's been president for 3 1/2 years. I did think, soledad, that governor romney was strong when he linked our naal security to our economic security. Making the point that obviously we can't be strong unless our economy is strong. But on the main, governor romney seemed on the defensive. He didn't seem as self-assured or as confident in what he was saying. I thought it was a quite striking contrast. 

[00:20:17]


>> There seem to be, in my opinion, an effort by the governor to move away from some of his previously held positions. Did you see that? And if so, specifically, where? 
>> I did. I thought it was interesting, he had governor romney had been on the offensive over the last year, criticizing president obama on russia. Governor romney said russia was our number one geopolitical foe. Last night he backed off that statement. He'd been very critical about how president obama ended the iraq war and critical of the president's plans to bring the troops out on a specific time line, 2014. And you saw none of that last night. In fact, governor romney appeared to leave a lot of his positions behind, and it does leave you with the question on what is his world view? What does he really believe? What would he do on these big national security issues such as the war in afghanistan or even iran, where previously he had been very critical last night, largely agreed with the president. So I think he's leaving the impression that he's not quite sure what he'd do or that he's not being as specific as he might be. 
>> I was sort of surprised, and dana tell me if you agree, that when bob schieffer, who i thought did a great job last night moderating, set up the question about benghazi, was very specific and very detailed, and a series o questions governor romney didn't take that opportunity to kind of go for the jugular. I thought that would be a moment where he might. 
>> I think the diplomatic term on that was a punt. Very much so. It was interesting because talking to governor romney's aides beforehand, it seemed as though he wanted to kind of fix what he messed up the last time in challenging the president on kind of a side show. But I'd love to hear what the ambassador thinks about that. Obviously there has been no issue that has been more in the forefront of foreign policy and even in politics now, than libya. 
>> Well, you know, I think that was bob schieffer's very first queson. It was an opening for governor romney to resume the criticism from the second debate on benghazi. And you know, it may be that it wasn't working for them. Because from the beginning, governor romney's statements on the very day of the attacks was seen to be overly partisan. It -- I think that they probably decided to back off because you really don't want to take a national security crisis, especially one so disastrous for the united states with four deaths, ande it partisan. So that's why I assume he decided to punt on that question last night. 

[00:22:38]


>> Final question for you is about china. Here's -- I'm going to play what the president side about china and mitt romney said about china and then I'm going to ask you on the other side of that the impact of, of china in this foreign policy debate. Let's start with the president. 
>> China's both an adversary, but also a potential partner in the international community if it's following the rules. So my attitude coming in to office was that we are going to insist that china plays by the same rules as everybody else. 
>> We can work with them. We can collaborate withthem. If they're willing to be responsible. Now they look at us and say, is it a good idea to be with america? How strong are we going to be? How strong is our economy? 
>> The people, ambassador, who were in my focus group, I was in orlando last night. The minute they heard about china and economy, they were very interested, and really focused. Do you think that the president had more strength on this issue or do you think it was mitt romney? 
>> You know, it's hard to say, because I think governor romney's point is a good one, that china has been a major human rights violator. But also violating and stealing our intellectual property from american businesses, we've got to get tough with china. The problem, at least in my view, with governor romney's solution, I'm going to name them a currency violator my first day in office is it immediately puts us into an open, big confrontation with china when we need china on iran, on north korea, on syria, is that smart? And I think that president obama's more nuanced view, obviously tempered by his experience in office, is probably the better way for the united states. 
>> Ambassador nick burns joining us this morning. Nice to see you. 
>> Thank you. 
>> You bet. During the debate, mitt romney claimed that the president went on an international apology tour over u.S. Policy. Is that accurate? We've got a fact check coming up on that claim straight ahead. And crash and grab. Two men caught on camera smashing into a store where they helped themselves to the items, look at that, crazy. We'll tell you what happened in that story. 1-800-345-2550 to Kong. 

[00:25:18]


TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 After that, it's on to Germany. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Then tonight, I'm trading 9500 miles away in Japan. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 With the new Global account from Schwab, 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 I hunt down opportunities around the world 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 as if I'm right there. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 And I'm in total control because I can trade 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 directly online in 12 markets in their local currencies. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 I use their global research to get an edge. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Their equity ratings show me how Schwab 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 rates specific foreign stocks 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 based on things like fundamentals, momentum and risk. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 And I also have access to independent 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 firms like Ned Davis Research 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 and Economist Intelligence Unit. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Plus, I can talk to their global specialists 24/7. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 And trade in my global account commission-free 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 through March 2013. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Best part... no jet lag. 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 Call 1-866-294-5409 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 and a Global Specialist 
TDD#: 1-800-345-2550 will help you get started today. a together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPayment. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.com and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 
[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. Get your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 

[00:28:17]


>>> Welcome back, everyone. A quick look at your top stories. Parts of the west coast are covered in snow this morning. Winter is still two months away. A snowstorm blew into northern california's sierra mountains making driving plenty treacherous. 
>>> It was defense ruling chicago last night. The bears defeated detroit lions 13-7 in monday night football. Chicago improves to 5-1 now on the season. Who knew, they're in first place in the division. The lions back to 2-4. Soledad? 
>> John, I know last night you were in charge of doing the fact check. Tell me a little bit about what you were looking into. 
>> There were plenty of facts and figures tossed around, including one statement on an issue I know you have dealt with here on "starting point." It had to do with the so-called apology tour that's been a favorite line from republicans on the campaign trail. Mitt romney claimed, as he has many times in the past, that president obama went on a sort of international tour apologizing for u.S. Policy when he first took office. Let's listen. 
>> Meet with all the world's worst actors in his first year, he'd sit down with chavez and kim jong-il, with castro, and with president ahmadinejad of iran. And I think they looked and thought, well that's an unusual honor to receive from the president of the united states. And then the president began what I've called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east, and criticizing america. I think they looked at that saw akness. 
>> So, what are the facts here? When he took office, president obama did travel to several countries talking abouamerican foreign policy. In france, for example, he said america has shown arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive. So he also criticized europe in that same very speech. Now in none of theseee in europe, the middle east, nor here at home, did obama use the word apology or say he's sorry in any way. So our verdict here is it's false to call president obama's speeches an apology tour. Even if he was critical of some past u.S. Foreign policy, he never issued any apologies. Soledad? 

[00:30:22]


>> The president said that in the debate last night, very clearly, when he pushed back very hard on the governor about that. All right, john, thank you. Still ahead this morning you heard from the senator who prepped mitt romney for the debate. Coming up next, the senator who prepped president obama. Democratic massachusetts senator john kerry. He's up next. And you've heard of smash and grab. How about crash and grab? A car smashes into a store but it's no accident. We'll tell you what the police say the suspects took. One. Two. Three. My credit card rewards are easy to remember. With the bankamericard cash rewards credit card, I earn 1% cash back everywhere, every time. 

[00:32:28]


[ Both ] 2% BACK ON GROCERIES. 
[ All ] 3% ON GAS! No hoops to jump through. I earn more cash back on the things I buy most. 
[ Woman in pet store ] IT'S AS EASY AS... 
[ All ] ONE! 
-TWO. -[ All ] THREE! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE BANKAMERICARD CASH Rewards credit card. Apply online or at a bank of america near you. couple Miles For their "destination wedding." Double miles you can "actually" use. But with those single mile travel cards... 
[ Bridesmaid ] BLACKED OUT... BUT I'M A BRIDESMAID. Oh! "X" marks the spot she'll never sit. But I bought a dress! A toast... ...TO THE Capital One Venture Card. Fly any airline, any flight, anytime. Double miles you can actually use. What a coincidence? Wh's in your wallet? 
[ all screaming ] Watch the elbows ladies. america. We don't let frequent heartburn come between us and what we love. So if you're one of them people who gets heartburn and then treats day after day. B the acid with prilosec otc and don't get heartburn in the first place! 
[ Male Announcer ] ONE PILL EACH MORNING. 24 hours. Zero heartburn. 
>>> Welcome back, everybody. You're watching "starting point." We're coming to you live from boca raton in florida for one last time president obama and governor mitt romney battled it out on the debate stage. The topic last night was foreign policy. 
>> You mention the navy, for example, and that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor we also have fewer horses and bayonets. Because the nature of our military has changed. 

[00:34:30]


>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east a take advantage of the opportunity there, and stem the tide of this violence. 
>> Let's get right to massachusetts senator john kerry. He portrayed governor mitt romney in the mock debates with the president. So when you were watching your candidate, and you, of course, had played the challenger, how do you think he did? 
>> Well, I think every insta poll in the country says the president won. Some say he won overwhelmingly by 20 points. Some by 10 points. But overwhelmingly last night the president of the united states was the commander in chief, and mitt romney, I hate to say it, was the campaigner in confusion -- 
>> you don't hate to say it. 
>> I don't, because i, you know, I'd like to be able to say it. But honestly I was stunned by a candidate who came and shifted almost all his positions, and he's hiding his positions. I mean his real positions have been the ones you've been hearing for months. Criticizing the president on iran. Last nig he agreed with him. Credit siding the president on syria, well he had a few nibbles but basically said how complicated it was, he agreed with him. Libya, wound up agreeing with him. Afghanista actually changed his position last night from saying that he didn't think we should set a date and get out, last night he set a firm date. This is just a man who you can't send messages like that to the world that you really don't have a position. 
>> When I spoke to senator portman this morning he said, listen, that was -- that's an intelligent thing to do, right. You deal with your -- 
>> that's etch-a-sketch. 
>> I'm dealing with what he said. That was an admission on my show. I remember etch-a-sketch. What he said, he positioned that as a rational thing to do, to sit down with your military advisers and come up with a, a, a, timetable to leave. 
>> He's been running for president for seven years. He has either been lying to the base, the republican base, ought to be outraged today because the man who's been running to win the nomination was taking a whole bunch of different positions. Now he steps up and says different -- look, this is mitt romney. And the place people should be most frighted about is on the economy. Because mitt romney has signed a pledge to a lobbyist, the same lobbyist who has gridlocked washington, and you know this -- 

[00:36:46]


>> you're talking about grover norquist. 
>> Grover norquist. He gridlocked the super committee because people on the super committee signed a pledge saying we won't raise revenue. Romney's tripled down on saying no revenue. So if he were elected he's promising four more years of gridlock in washington because that's the formula. Either he's not telling the truth to the republican base, he signed the pledge and it doesn't mean anything. Or, he is telling the truth and you have gridlock. You can't have it both ways. This is a man who has a one-point plan for america. A tax cut of $5 trillion. You extend the bush tax cuts by 20% -- 
>> but last night was about foreign policy. And -- let's get back to foreign policy. It is. 
>> Soledad it is foreign policy. Because if you don't have a strong economy, you can't be strong abroad and you can't carry out a foreign policy. Mitt romney's policy is to go back to the economy that we had before. 
>> On foreign policy you are the sete foreign relations chairman. You travel abroad all the time. Does mitt romney have a point that the perception of the world, supposed to get so much of the united states was supposed to get so much better after george w. Bush left and obama took over and that hasn't happened. 
>> Oh, yes it has happened. Are you kidding me it hasn't happened? After ambassador stevens was killed, dana, 30,000 libyans took their signs, said we love you, ambassador stevens. We love you america. They marched, they marched on the militia headquarters that had done this. They disarmed them themselves. We have changed perceptions throughout that part of the world. Now they're going through a very complicated moment. I mean, nobody, no islamists, and not the united states, told a fruit vendor in tunisia, you got to -- because a police officer slapped you and took away your weighing machine and your ability to sell fruit. He did that because he was outraged at a government that was oppressing him. And that brought all the tunisians together. Nobody told those people in tahrir square, those young people, that wasn't islamic. That was young people, a generational revolution saying, we want jobs, we want an opportunity. That's what's happening in the middle east. We should welcome it, and embrace it, andunderstand it. President obama has done that. Mitt romney's been hid behind it. 

[00:39:07]


>> "The wall street journal" would disagree. He wrote this, there's a case to be made that mr. Obama has been a disengaged, poll driven, steward of american 23r7. Mr. Romney didn't seem interested in making that point I guess and as a matter of politics he didn't need to make it. His most effective turns in the debate came when he brought it all back to the economy. He seemed reasonable and tempered and pragmatic and unruffled and therefore presidential. Doesn't that explain while president obama who the pollsters showed people polled indicate overwhelmingly he was more on the attack and mitt romney was not that that was part of the strategy to appear presidential? 
>> Well, if your strategy is to reverse every posi you had, two weeks before an election. 
>> If it makes you reasonable and tempered and pragmatic -- 
>> so in other words so president obama has been reasonable -- 
>> I'm just asking a question sir. I'm just saying here's what brett stevens from "the wall street journal" -- 
>> but you can't trust a candidate for president of the united states if you don't know what he really believes. Mitt romney is hiding a bunch of positions. He's advised by the very same people that brought you iraq and the years of the, of the decline of our economy. President obama has been steady and clear, not only, look on the economy, jobs, record low for four years. On, on, I mean, on the jobless claims. The job rate is a record low of four years. Foreclosures, fitch-year low. Stock market, almost a record high. 401(K)s, UP. 
>> Sluggish. Sluggish. Sluggish. 
>> Soledad, look at what we had to dig out of. We're at the brink of taking off. Ask anybody in business. People, the confidence of our country is up. 
>> But, you -- 
>> no, no, no. 
>> Everybody agrees with that. 
>> What they say is we're on the bric of taking off. Now the president has a five-point plan. Number one, energy. 600,000 jobs in natural gas. We're going to exploit american energy. We're going to cut our imports in half. Jobs. A million manufacturing jobs brought back to the united states, and we're going to cut -- double ourexports. And we're going to increase our jobs in the energy sector. Skills. 

[00:41:15]


>> So -- 
>> hire -- 
>> I'm going to stop you there because the five-point plan we've heard about over the last -- 
>> everybody's been complaining he doesn't. This is -- 
>> my question is this. It's neck and neck. 47% to 47% if you look at national polling. How worried are you about those numbers? 
>> I believe that as a result of last night and the last debate before that, the president has made it clear he has the agenda for th country. The country's economy is coming back. We're respected in the world. He's ended the war in iraq. He is ending the war in afghanistan. He showed clear leadership in libya. Last night, after all his complaints, mitt romney said the president's done a good job and he's doing the right thing on iran, iran will not have a nuclear weapon. We've never been closer in security to israel, and he's got the iron dome which is -- 
>> senator, it's -- it's -- we see now why you were the one who was chosen to play mitt romney because he bring it back -- 
>> he can filibuster out there because we're out of time. But we want to thank you for talking with us this morning. 
>> I'm delighted to be with you. 
>> -- Secretary of state? 
>> This is a great audition to go back to massachusetts. 
>> A dodge on that one. A dodge on the secretary of state question. Nice to see you, senator. Thank you for talking with us. We've got to get back to john berman. 
>> Thanks, soledad. One of the students involved in the hazing death of a florida a&m university drum major robert champion is avoiding jail time altogether. Brian jones was sentenced yesterday to two years probation, 200 hours of community service. Jones is the first of a dozen defendants charged in connection with champion's death last november. On a bus ride outside orlando, orlando hotel after a game. 
>>> Tears in court as the harassment and child endangerment trial of douglas kennedy begins. A maternity ward nurse broke down yesterday testifying kennedy, the son of late senator robert f. Kennedy, twisted her arm and kicked another nurse. The assistant d.A. Said the nurses were simply following protocol during the january incident. The defense calls the nurse abrasive, and confrontational. 
>>> Police say two thieves in northern michigan stole a truck to commit this smash, or crash and grab. Surveillance cameras caught them loading up on alcohol and cigarettes. Police say minutes before this the robbers swiped $100 worth of gas as they backed out they ran over a gas pump and hit a tree during their getaway. One suspect was caught and police say they are confident they will catch the second suspect. Soledad? 

[00:43:39]


>> All right, john, thank you. Still ahead this morning on "starting point," during the debate president obama made this claim. Take a look. 
>> And as a consequence al qaeda's core leadership has been decimated. 
>> How true is that? Our very own elise labott will take a look at the status of the terror network straight ahead this morning. ???????????? 
(Train Horn) 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. And...Flip! Woah! Did you get that? Yep, look at this. It takes like 20 pictures at a time. I never miss anything. Isn't that awesome? Uh that's really cool. You should upload these. I know, right? That is really amazing. The pictures are so clear. Kevin's a handsome devil that phone does everything! Search dog tricks. Okay, see if we can teach him something cool. Look at how lazy kevin is. Kevin, get it together dude cmon, kevin take 20 pictures with burst shot on the galaxy s3. ] 

[00:46:10]


[ Female Announcer ] SOME People like to pretend a flood could never happen to them. And that their homeowners insurance protects them. 
[ Thunder crashes ] it doesn't. Stop pretending. Only flood insurance covers floods. ??? ??? visit floodsmart.Gov/pretend to learn your risk. tell is? Every room deserves to look great. And every footstep should tell us weade the right decision. So when we can feel our way through the newest, softest, and most colorful options... ...across every possible price range... ...our budgets won't be picking the style. We will. More saving. More doing. That's the power of The Home Depot. Right now get $37 basic installation on all special order carpet. 
>>> Morning, welcome back, everybody. You're watching "starting point." We're coming to you live this morning from boca raton in florida. It is exactly two weeks till the election. And this morning we're fact checking some of the claims that were made in that final presidential debate. Let's get right to cnn foreign affairs reporter elise la. She's in washington, d.C. This morning. So elise, last night we actually heard a lot of agreement between the two candidates, but there was a major point of contention, and that major point of contention was about al qaeda. 
>> That's right, soledad. Well, last night president obama said al qaeda's core leadership has been decimated and mitt romney says al qaeda is actually involved in 10 or 12 countries. Now there's no disputing that osama bin laden, the leader of al qaeda, was killed in that raid in pakistan. And the obama administration has also dramatically upped the use of drones in pakistan, which has killed a lot of key al qaeda operatives. That focuses on the al qaeda core, theoriginal group. What's worriship is al qaeda affiliates in yemen, north africa and elsewhere in the middle east are very active. Particular concern is al qaeda in the arabian peninsula, operating in yemen who hatched that underwear bomber a few years ago. Then there's al shabab in somalia considered a big threat. And aqim is operating. And they're believed to have been tied to the attack on the u.S. Consulate in libya. And now the unrest in syria has also provided an opportunity for al qaeda in iraq. And in that country. So soledad both claims are true here. President obama's claim that al qaeda's core leadership has been seriously weakened, yes. But the affiliates remain active and a threat to western interests. So a little bit for both men to claim last fight. 

[00:49:06]


>> All right. Elise labott doing a fact check for us this morning. Thank you, elise, appreciate it. We're back right after this. have need? At legalzoom, we've created a better place to turn for your legal matters. Maybe you want to incorporate a business you'd like to start. Or protect your family with a will or living trust. Legalzoom makes it easy with step-by-step help when completing your personalized document 
-- or you can even access an attorney to guide you along. With an "a" rating from the better business bureau legalzoom helps you get personalized and affordable legal protection. In most states, a legal plan attorney is available with every personalized document to answer any questions. Get started at legalzoom.Com today. And now you're protected. 

[00:52:36]


>>> Welcome back, everybody. It was the final debate. And now it is done. The polls show that the president won last night. But did he make up for his first dough bait, the debate that gave governor mitt mney's campaign new life? Let's get right to ron brownstein, senior political analyst, editorial director of national journal. You have all said this will hinge, for the president at least, would you know key group of voters. Who are those voters? 
>> I think he's focused on women voters at the end. If you look the his numbers among white men, they are some of the lowest we've seen on a presidential candidate since walter mondale since 1984. Mitt romney's goal right from that very first answer, when he said we can't kill our way out of this problem, was to reassure women voters. This was a debate, much more for him, about reassurance than contrast. He kind of renounced a lot of positions he took during the primary. The president, clearly, from that second dough bait on is focus ond blue collar women in the midwest, in particular. And to a greater extent, white collar, more social, liberal women. 
>> An attempt to shift from foreign policy, which was the topic of the debate, to talk about domestic policy. 
>> Sure. 
>> Obviously, jobs, but trying to move whatever the topic was to sort of more what's happening at home. Let me play a little bit of what governor romney said about china and american jobs. 
>> I've watched year in and year out, as companies have shut down and people have lost their jobs, because cna has not played by the same rules. In part, by holding down artificially the value of their currency, it holds down the prices of their goods. It means our goods aren't as competitive and we lose jobs. That's got to end. 
>> How will something like that resonate? There was a decent amount of time spent on china. How will that resonate with that key group of voters that both candidates were trying to appeal to last night? 

[00:54:44]


>> Right now this election is being decd more in the rucht belt than the sun belt. We started with two bnds of swing states. We still have them. Sun belt, but these rust belt states of ohio, michigan, to a lesser extent, iowa, wisconsin. The critical states that both sides are fighting over. The president's support of the auto bailout and the support he is winning around that issue is absolutely critical. Kind of his last line defense right now in this campaign. You saw the promise to be tough on china is one of romney's best kind of battering rams against that. And you saw the president trying to respond. It's not surprising that the discussion turned toward domestic policy. Often the problem with the foreign policy debate, politically, at least, it's hard to connect the discreet around the world with the themes at home. Egypt has not been that high on the list with these key voters in the swing states. 
>> Focus group last night in orlando. You could see when they started going there, people started losing a little bit of interest in the conversation. When they started talking about american jobs, the testers went right back up. From the bayonettes to rose-colored glasses, we'll break down what the candidates said. And what affect it could have with 14 days till voters go to the polls. 
>>> New details about the new ipad mini. That's ahead. things, trying to find a better job can be frustrating. So at University of Phoenix we're working with a growing list of almost two thousand corporate partners 

[00:57:00]


- companies like Microsoft, American Red Cross and Adobe - to create options for you. Not only that, we're using what we learn from these partners to shape our curriculum. So that when you find the job you want you'll be a perfect fit. Let's get to work. future. How they'll live tomorrow. For more than 116 years, ameriprise financial has worked for their clients' futures. Helping millions of americans retire on their terms. When they want. Where thewant. Doing what they want. Ameriprise. The strength of a leader in retirement planning. The heart of 10,000 advisors working with you one-to-one. Together for your future. ?????? ?????? Meet the 5-passenger Ford C-MAX Hybrid. When you're carrying a lot of weight, C-MAX has a nice little trait, You see, C-MAX helps you load your freight, with its foot-activated lift gate. But that's not all you'll see, Cause C-MAX also beats Prius v, with better MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. ?????? ?????? I wish my patients could see what I see. ?????? ?????? that over time, having high cholesterol and any of these risk factors can put them at increased risk for plaque buildup in their arteries. So it's even more important to lower their cholesterol, and that's why, when diet and exercise alone aren't enough, I prescribe cor. In a clinical trial versus lipitor, crestor got more high-risk patients' bad cholesterol to a goal of under 100. 
[ Female Announcer ] CRESTOR IS NOT RIGHT For everyone. Like people with liver disease or women who are nursing, pregnant or may become pregnant. Tell your doctor about other medicines you're taking. Call your doctor right away if you have muscle pain or weakness, feel unusually tired, have loss of appetite, upper belly pain, dark urine or yellowing of skin or eyes. These could be signs of rare but serious side effects. ?????? ?????? is your cholesterol at goal? Talk to your doctor about crestor. 

[00:59:19]


[ Female Announcer ] IF YOU CAN'T AFFORD Your medication, AstraZeneca MAY BE ABLE TO HELP. 
>>> Welcome, everybody. Starting point this morning, showdown in boca. President obama and governor romney challenging each other on foreign policy in their final debate. 
>> IN THE 1980s NOW CALLING FOR Their foreign policy back. 
>> I'm not going to wear rose-colored glaes when it comes to russia or putin. 
>> You're trying to air brush history. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. >> Ing candidates to the facts. 
>> Fewer horses and bayonettes because the nature of our military has changed. 
>> I am a son of detroit. My dad is the head of a car company. I like american cars. 
>> Complete analysis with just 14 days till election day. IT'S TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23rd, AND "Starting point" begins right now. We're coming to you live in boca raton, florida. 
>>> Welcome, evybody. Our "starting point" this morning, president obama, governor romney back on the campaign trail aafter their final debate last night. By most accounts, it was a forceful -- more forceful president obama who came out on top last night, majority of viewers and political analysts agreed that president obama with his playing defense. 48% favoring the president, 40% favoring governor romney. The president also won the second contest by seven points in our cnn polling after he lost by 42 points in the first dough bait. Senior congressional correspondent dana bash joins us this morning. It was a very different president obama during this last debate and also I thought a different governor romney. He was -- president obama came across, I thought, as aggressive, charging in this debate and mitt romney not so much. 

[01:01:32]


>> It was a complete reversal from the first debate. From the perspective of mitt romney, that was accident. He understands -- both of them understood this is a foreign policy debate. It is not what americans want to vote on. They both wanted to make it a question of leadership. 
>> Reporter: Mitt romney came wanting voters to see him as commander in chief. The commander in chief came determined to make sure that didn't happen. 
>> I know you haven't been in a position to actually execute foreign policy, but every time you have offered an opinion, you have been wrong. 
>> Reporter: Time and time again, the president's harsh criticism dped with sarcasm. Biggest political threat you said russia, not al qaeda. You said russia. 1980s ARE NOW CALLING AND ASKING For their foreign policy back. The cold war has been over for 20 years. 
>> Our navy is smaller now than any time since 19d 17. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. They're now down to 285. 
>> Governor romney hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works, we have fewer ships than 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonnettes because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them, ships that go upped water, nuclear sub ma reaps. 
>> Reporter: Before the debate, mitt romney's camp told cnn he would stay solid and steady, not take the president's bait. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. 
>> Reporter: Repeatedly blamed the president for failing to lead on global hot spots. 
>> If you look at the record the last four years and say is iran closer to a bomb? Yes. Is the middle east in tumult? Yes. Is al qaeda on the run, on its heels? No. Are israel and palestinians closer to reaching a peace agreement? No. 
>> Reporter: But for the most part, he was calm in demeanor and remarkably agreeable on policy from syria to egypt to afghanistan. 

[01:03:38]


>> We're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Reporter: In fact, the republican who democrats tried to paint as war monger used the opening minutes to position himself as a peacemaker. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the loweredship al qaeda but we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> Reporter: Successfully got under the president's skin by repeating this. 
>> He began what I called an apology tour, going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true, starting with this 
-- of me apologizing. 
>> Reporter: One of the most fiery excs was not about foreign policy but something decidedly american, the auto industry. 
>> If we had taken your advice about the auto industry, we would be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. 
>> I'm a son of detroit. My dad was the head of a car company. I would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. These companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy. 
>> That's not what you said. 
>> You can take a look at the op-ed. 
>> You did not say -- 
>> I'm still speaking. I said we would provide guarantees and that was what was able to allow these companies to go through bankruptcy, to come out of bankruptcy. 
>> Let's check the record. 
>> That's the height of silliness. 
>> Reporter: And the auto bailout was hardly the only issue that both candidas wanted to bring back home on the economy. They talked about jobs and even talked about -- 
>> ecation. 
>> Education, all of their points and all of their plans because they know that is what voters will really focus on, not so much foreign policy. 
>> They really did want to talk about domestic policy eep though the night was devoted to foreign policy. Dana, thank you very much. It's nice to have you with us, sir. 

[01:05:43]


>> Great to be here. 
>> Some of the polls show president obama winning this debate, if you will. Cnn/orc poll debate watchers, 48% for president obama, 40% for mitt romney. You sort of grimace. 
>> I'm actually smiling, because on points, some of the polls say he won the debate. The polls also said you're more or less likely to vote for president obama or mitt romney -- 
>> most said neither. 
>> Ppp -- 
>> robo calls. 
>> It was 47-35. For obama it was 32 most liky, 46 against. The bottom line is that governor romney on initiative counts, which at the end of this debate, who are you going to vote for? Who do you want to be commander in chief, governor romney did pretty well last night. 
>> I'll clarify for the ppp poll. We talked about that earlier. It's a robo call. 
>> He we don't use it at cnn. 
>> But the cnn poll you count and that was a draw. 
>> It was a draw, 24% for governor romney and 20 -- 
>> you look at the president who came out really hot last night. He was hot. My sense is he's seeing his lead dissipates in the polls. 
>> Draws the win is what you're saying? 
>> Absolutely. Absotely. 
>> A lot of agreement last night. Change in tone, we were talking aboua and I a moment ago. Let's play a chunk of all the agreeing that went on. 
>> I felt the same as the president did. I want to underscore the same point the president made. The president was right to up the usage of that technology. 
>> There have been times, governor, frankly, during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you would do the same things we did, but you would say them louder. 
>> Is that a problem? I mean, we were talking this morning with ambassador nick burns and he said, yes, we've seen a shift from governor romney's positions from the beginning of his campaigning to today. A shift in numerous areas. 

[01:07:54]


>> First of all, where they didn't agree is the most fundamental point is on the economy. You can't have strong foreign policy withouty strong economy. And he lays out his five-point plan. President obama plays ropa dope, take the body punches and get past november 6th without laying out a plan. Use of drones, taking out bin laden, what's to disagree about? 
>> It's not just disagreeing. It's shifting. 
>> I don't think there's been shifting. 
>> What about afghanistan? 
>> The governor has always said he will abide by the 2014 date. What he didn't change, the bottom line is how he got to that point wasn't something he agreed with. President obama said arbitrarily didn't work with commanders on the ground but set the date. Governor romney is a realist. They set the date. He'll make it work. >>Amping at the bit for mitt romney to do a betterob of failures in the wake of libya. 
>> I think what he did last night is rather than he said, she said, getting in to the tit-for-tat on that, here is how whoa have to make america stronger. He talks about the problems in the mideast and talked about syria. And the president said we've taken the lead. No, he hasn't taken the lead. He has sat back. 
>> What did he -- 
>> first of all, he wouldn't have outsourced his -- 
>> what will he do differently? What will he do on syria? 
>> Call together what I call the coalition of the relevant. 
>> There has been a zbloelgs he would take the lead, identify those forces of moderation, which by the way have f abandoned. "New york times" article said that about a week ago. He would provide arms to those, moderate forces so they could defend themselves or maintain whatever they maintain. America has not taken the lead. We have sat back. As a result you've seen 30,000 slaughtered and assad still being in power. 

[01:10:07]


>> Can I ask you a question? 
>> I'm sure you will ask me a question. 
>> And afghanistan is what i meant. He said we will bring our troops out by 2014. Generals on track there to do so. We've seen progress, et cetera, et cetera. Announcing a withdrawal date, that was wrong. Taliban may not have watches but they do have calendars. Isn't that a contradiction? 
>> You just reaffirmed when i said a moment ago. Announcing a date is wrong. 
>> But he said he would pull this out at 2014. 
>> He didn't announce that date. President obama did. The taliban probably jumped for joy. Governor romney said we have announced the date. We'll make that happen. He didn't announced the date. Once you've done that, you've got to live with it. 
>> You don't have to. 
>> Well, I think you do have to, actually. At this point, you know, we're kind of in a process, moving out troops. You don't simply go in and say I'm going to change it on day one. The date was announced. It wasn't done the way he would have done it. 
>> He didn't quite say all that. 
>> And as a result he will live with it. 
>> Let's talk for a moment about syria, if I can. I want to play a chunk about what he said about syria being iran's only ally in the arab world. 
>> Syria is iran's only ally in the arab world, their route to the sea, the route for them to arm hezbollah in lebanon, which threatens our ally, israel. 
>> Iran has almost 1500 miles of coastline. He said syria is the route to the sea, which only has like 119 miles of coastline. 
>> He's right on point, maybe not geography, but syria is iran's link to hezbollah. It's the flow of arms into iraq, terrorism. He he's absolutely right on that. The reality is we'll get back to syria and talk about iran. Thresident hasn't led on dealing with syria. This president hasn't been effective on ing. 

[01:12:35]


>> Democratic pac, straight ahead. 
>>> If you missed last night's debate you can watch it again today at noon eastern. We'll air it again here on cnn. 
>>> John berman has a look at the other stories making news. 
>> Meningitis outbreak getting worse. 23 people have died in 16 states and the total number of cases has risen to 297. The outbreak has been linked to steroid pain injections made by the new england xoupding center in massachusetts. Reuters reports that health officials inspected that company years ago due to complaints about those injections. 
>>> Monster energy drinks may have contributed to the death of five people after 2009 after the company was hit with a lawsuit after a maryland teenager's death. Top selling energy drink in the u.S. That come in 24 ounces, about seven times the caffeine in a 12-ounce coke. 
>>> Estranged wife who was the target at the milwaukee area spa is being called a hero. One of zina haughton's clients said she approached her husband, and tried to shield a receptionist as she tried to attempt to defuse the situation. He shot and killed two, including his wife and then shot himself. A 9-0 shutout. Next up, the detroit tigers. The world series begins tomorrow night in san francisco. Soledad? 
>> Whoo hoo, all right! John, thanks. 
>>> Still ahead on "starting point" it's der by country and one of the most battleground. We'll meet some of the voters who could doid the election. 
>>> Apple lovers get ready, new details on what's expected to be a mini ipad announcement today. whether smartphone... ?????? ?????? ...Mom's smartphone... Dad's tablet... Or lauren's smartphone... At&t has a plan built to help make families' lives easier. Introducing at&t mobile share. One plan lets you share data on up to 10 devices with unlimited talk and text. Add a tablet for only $10 per month. At&t. beating, ] 

[01:17:26]


Woman: What do you mean, homeowners insurance doesn't cover floods? 
[ Heart rate increases ] 
Man: A few inches of water caused all this? 
[ Heart rate increases ] 
Woman #2: But I don't even le near the water. What youon't know about flood insurance may shock you -- including the fact that a preferred risk policy starts as low as $129 a year. For an agent, call the number that appears on your screen. 
>>> Welcome back, everybody. Voters in key mid western states ultimately will decide the outcome of the presidential election. Miguel marquez has been traveling across that region, taking the pulse of the voters there. We catch up with him in davenport, iowa, the heart of roller derby country. 
>> If it's davenport, it's got to be roller derby. Scott county is one of the battlegrounds in this hearthand. In this one county alone there are enough votes to turn this state blue or red. Rollers demonstrated their signature move. 
>> Blocking in front of you. 
>> Oh, my god. By the way -- yes, your booty did block me. 
>> They're really tough. 
>> Reporter: These rough and tumble mid western women also voter. 
>> It's all about keeping the other side from moving forward? 
>> Right. 
>> Reporter: This is a little bit like politics, you realize? 
>> Right. 
>> Right behind you guys. 
>> Reporter: Waitress connie hart has worked in the restaurant. Her derby name, diamond dust, his specialty, blocking. Her biggest issue, the economy. 

[01:19:28]


>> It's been tight. 
>> Reporter: Less money, higher gas? 
>> Less money. People don't want to go out to eat as much as they used to. 
>> Reporter: By day, carrie ducrane is a social worker. On some nights she's lady gotcha, jammer. That's the one that scores points. 
>> Reporter: What's important to you? 
>> I want there to be jobs as well, continued job growth. 
>> Reporter: Decrane says she'll likely vote for a third party. Republican say this is like 2004 when a few counties broke third way, giving bush a very narrow victory here. Their advantage, low unemployment rate now just 5.2%, among the lowest in the country. This is a single machine. 
>> This is a single machine and it's only part of the machine. 
>> Reporter: Scott county in iowa rebounded with help from ies genesis group. Consistently its business is overseas. Are you hiring? 
>> We've done some hiring this year, up about ten people overall. And we're still about 10% lower than we were in 2007. 
>> Reporter: Scott county, an economic bright spot in the heartland whose voters can be tough to win over. 
>> Oh, my goodness! Oh, dear, I don't know if I'll ever survive this. Politics are bruising, as I've discovered here in daven dls port and scott county. Both candidates will be here tomorrow. Obama will be here in davenport tomorrow during the da and then mr. Romney will be in cedar rapids a few hours after that. This state, this county, this place highly contested. A few thousand votes could make a huge difference here. Soledad? 
>> All right. Miguel marquez, watching it for us and still standing after that roller derby match. We'll go back to miguel in jefferson county, california, next week. Another key area that could decide the election. 

[01:21:38]


>>> How on point is he about troops in iraq? We'll fact check that claim coming up next. now. Try this... r? This isn't just a hche. TRUST ME, THIS IS NEW Bayer Migraine. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE POWER OF Aspirin Plus more in a triple action formula to relieve your tough migraines. NEW Bayer Migraine Formula. finger ready. Why? Because I'm gonna make the call to switch to a new medicare prescription drug plan. 

[01:23:57]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO SAY Hello to savings... Hello to value... HELLO TO A Part D PLAN That's there for you, choose an aarp MedicareRx Plan FROM UnitedHealthcare. Open enrollment ends december 7th. So call now. ASK ABOUT THE LOWEST Part D PREMIUM IN THE U.S., PLUS THE NEW Preferred Pharmacy Network, Where you can get copays for as low as $1. Prescriptions for a buck? A buck won't even get you a cup of coffee these days. 
[ Male Announcer ] UnitedHealthcare IS HERE For you, so call for your free information kit, or to enroll. Say hello to no dectible, THE Preferred Pharmacy Network AND MUCH MORE. 
Remember: The time to switch ends december 7th. Call today. I am so ready to call. 
>>> Welcome back to "starting point." I'm christine romans, minding your business. Down shrply after markets closed flat yesterday, dow futures are down 100 points. Three dow components issued disappointing earnings. Dupont is cutting about00 jobs over the next 12 or 18 months. The company says it's been seeing sales falling worldwide and will cut about 2% of its workforce. 
>>> Apple is making a product announcement and rumors are that it will be the ipad mini, shrinking to 7.8" from 10 implg. The cost, we'll find out for sure in a few hours, soledad. 
>> I'm so excited about that. That would be great. 
>> I'm not excited about the market, though. 

[01:26:00]


>> Well, let's not talk about that. Let's go back and talk about the mini. Christine, thank you so much. 
>>> Back to the candidates last night. The two of them threw out a lot of numbs. John berman has been doing some fact checking for us this morning, keeping everybody honest on this. What did you find out? 
>> There was a tense exchange over the issue of iraq. Specifically troops in iraq. President obama claimed that mitt romney recently said that e u.S. Should still have trops in iraq. 
>> You say you're not interested in duplicating what happened in iraq, but just a few weeks ago, you said you think we should have more troops in iraq right now. 
>> So what are the facts here? In december 2011 romney said we should have left 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 personnel there to help transition to the iraqs own military capabilities. Then a couple of weeks ago he said america's ability to influence events for the better in iraq has been undermined by the abrupt withdrawal of our entire troop presence. Yes, romney suggested he would have kept some troops in iraq but listen to this important context. On iraq, mitt romney claimed that president obama was looking to keep troops there as well. Which the president denied. 
>> You and I agreed, I believe, that there should have been a status of forces agreement. 
>> That's not true. 
>> You didn't want a status of forces agreement? 
>> Nochlt what I would not have done is left 10,000 troops in iraq that would tie us there. That certainly would not help us in the middle east. 
>> What are the facts here? Leon panetta, the secretary of defense, was negotiating to keep 3,000 to 5,000 troops in iraq within a status of force agreement. This fell apart. What mitt romney says here is mostly true. President obama did seem willing to leave some u.S. Troops in iraq under certain conditions. The deal just fell apart. Soledad? 
>> All right. John, thank you for that fact check. Appreciate it. 
>>> Still ahead on "starting point" we heard the republican take on the presidential debate. Next, from priorities u.S.A. Action, one of the largest super pacs that supports president obama, bill burton will be joining us to talk about that. 

[01:28:18]


>>> Listen to this. It's not a person playing a kazoo. That is actually an animal making that sound. We'll explain. We've got details straight ahead. In that time there've been some good days. And some difficult ones. But, through it all, we've persevered, supporting some of the biggest ideas in modern history. So why should our anniversary matter to you? Because for 200 years, we've been helping ideas move from ambition to achievement. And the next great idea could be yours. ?????? ?????? calcium is efficiently absorbed in small continuous amounts. Citracal Slow Release Continuously releases calcium plus d with efficient absorption in one daily dose. Citracal Slow Release. ] pro. Monarch of marketing analysis. With the ability to improve roi through seo all by cob. And you...Rent from national. Because only national lets you choose any car in the aisle... And go. You can even take a full-size or above, and still paz the mid-size price. I'm going b-i-g. 
[ Male Announcer ] GOOD CHOICE BUSINESS PRO. Good choice. Go national. Go like a pro. is Cannon. Playing sports is just my whole life. Looking back, if it wasn't for Shriners Hospital, things would just be really, really different. I lost my leg when I was a kid. There was a time when I felt like I wasn't going to be able to walk again... It was a pretty bad accident But Shriners showed me who I could be again. They turned my whole life around. They call it 'Love to the rescue' and it really works. Hunter's life is one of nearly a million changed by donations from people like you. Send your love to the rescue. Donate to Shrirs Hospitals for Children today. 

[01:31:42]


>>> Good morning. Welcome, everybody. Our lead story this morning, president obama, mitt romney now in the homestretch of their campaigns, coming off their final face-to-face match-up, which was about foreign policy last night. Here is a little b of how it went. 
>> Both at home and aabroad he has proposed wrong and reckless policies, praised george bush as a good economic stewart and dick cheney as somebody who shows great wisd and judgment. 
>> I have a policy and agenda for the future. When it comes to our economy here the home I know what it takes to create 12 million new jobs and rising take-home pay. What we've seen over the last four years is something I don't want to see over the next four years. 
>> Now senior strategist with the priorities u.S.A. Action super pac, bill burton, nice to have you with us. 
>> Thank you, soledad. 
>> Tell me how you think the debate went last night. 
>> The president showed command and leadership. Debate about foreign policy is about strength. I don't think anybody walked away from that debate thinking that mitt romney came out looking stronger. 
>> I think there are some people on the gop side that completely disagree. Look at the polls, they believe that president obama was aggressive, came out on the attack. 
>> When you look at all the polls that kim out after the debate they consistently said that the president won the debate. You're talking about national security issues, the american people are looking for the stronger leader, the person who has a plan and can forcefully back up that plan with a real command of facts and the president did that in a very effective way. 
>> They may say who won whechlt it comes to the more important question, who you're going to vote for. That was split between president obama and governor romney. And then the bigger number is people who were not convinced last night. 
>> The country is split right now. I don't think anybody was going to walk away with a huge advantage on the number of who are you going to vote for. When he was on stage, I think he showed real leadership on national security. But also the surprise was that on some domestic issues like the deficit and education, the president was able to score some real points, too. 

[01:33:56]


>> The republicans are claiming that they are very happy this morning because what their ultimate goal was, was for mitt romney to be acceptable as somebody as commander in chief. If you look at our insta poll, it shows that people perceive him and the president very similarly when it comes to being commander in chief. That's not bad. 
>> And part of his strategy in being more concillatory and not the attack -- 
>> 100%. 
>> Very reasonable. 
>> They didn't look that happy to me last night. I think acceptable is not what you're looking for when you're picking who the commander in chief zbth be. He h a load he was defending and the president played like he was two points behind and that tenaciousness is something to help show that the president was really fighting for his job but also on national security issues. 
>> He wasn't just tenacious, but snarky and sarcastic at times. The first debate he held back because he was worried about not looking presidential and then he did a complete 180. 
>> I think he was tough. Some of the thing he said were probably unpleasant for mitt romney to listen to because it was very tough on him individually, but I think he got his points across in a way that stuck, that people will remember. When you took down what mitt romney had to say about the boats in the navy, the ships in the navy, that's something people will remember and it makes mitt romney look foolish that, you know, he thinks you measure the strength of your navy by lining up all the ships in the harbor and counting them. 
>> So, you know, one of the things I notice from our dial testing last night, any time either cdidate got negative immediately, you could see, especially women, dial way down. When they would do tests on ads, they hate the ads. Especially in flchlt really, really hate the ads. You're the guy in charge of the ads. Are you worried about the impact of those ads that at some point actually works against you? 
>> You know, I was watching -- 
>> visceral reaction. 

[01:35:57]


>> I was watching the ads in my hotel room. It is really astounding if you live in a swing state how many ads are inundated with. 
>> Raised money for those ads. 
>> To battle the republican money that's out there. We've shown focus groups and talked to voters about what they're paying attention to and what they see in the ads and what they remember. This ad we have up now called stage, it's one of the most memorable ads. It's not over the top negative. It's just one guy telling a story when mitt romney came to bane and all of him and his friends got fired. 
>> Let's play a little bit of what the president said. 
>> Thank you very much, bob, governor romney, and to lynn university. You now have heard three debates, months of campaigning and way too many tv commercials. And now you've got a choice. 
>> And our focus group people laughed and they're laughing because they know it to be true. What is the strategy from here out? Flood the airwaves, more ads? A different tone to appeal to women? Hit the ground, go door-to-door? What's the strategy? 
>> As you get to these foinl days, the ads you see are closing argument ads. The one from the president and his campaign today is a closing argument. He would like to have your vote. And fous, it's just making sure that people remember that. Mitt romney says it's his business experience that would make him a better president of the united states than president obama. It's a reminder of, well, let's look at this experience and see what it meant for middle class families across this country already. 
>> Two weeks to go. Are you anxious? 
>> It's a very close election, but I would rather be in our shoes than theirs. 
>> Is that an I'm anxious but less anxious than they are? 
>> I think that's right. 
>> John perfectman has the headlines. 

[01:37:58]


>> Thank you, soledad. Drum major robert champion, one of the students sentenced will not face jail time. The first of dozen of defendants charged with champion's death on a bus outside an orlando hotel after a football game. 
>> Tears in court as the harassment child endangerment trial of douglas kennedy begins. Maternity ward nurse broke down testifying kennedy, the son of late senator robert f. Din, twisted her arm and kicked another nurse as he tried to take his newborn son outside. The assistant d.A. Said the nurses were simply following protocol during the january incident. The defense called the nurse aabrasive and confrontational. Tropical storm sandy is becoming a hurricane by tomorrow. Right now the system is packing 45-mile-an-hour winds and sits less than 400 miles west-southwest of jamaica. Rain across jamaica, haiti, dominican republic and could you bea. It could threaten the east coast some time next week forecasters say. 
>>> A disturbing story in northern california. Piedmont high school has informed parents they've uncovered something called a fantasy league for sex among students. Female students were drafted into having sex with male students who then earned pois. The principal said this apparently has been going on for five or six years. One mother says she is pleased this has come to light. 
>> Really glad there's a strong administration who is willing to take on these kinds of issues. As a mother of four girls, i couldn't be happier. 
>> Reporter: This activity was discovered during a recent school assembly about date rape. 
>>> To a happier stor now, known as the canaries of the sea for third high-pitched chirps. Now a white beluga whale showed the ability to mimic human speech. ???????????? 

[01:40:01]


>> ths like a lot of people I know. The whale died five years ago. Only now are its remarkable vocal feats being studied. That was koind of awesome. Sounds like a cartoon you watch on tv. Soledad? 
>> That is so awesome. It's crazy. Cute, too. 
>> And he has the looks to go along with it. 
>> John, thank you. 
>>> Is china trouble for the united states? Candidates were talking tough about the emerging sourp power. Who's right? Who's wrong? Christine roans will join us to BREAK IT ALL DOWN.ouncer ] DayQuil DOESN'T Treat that. Huh? 
[ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus RUSHES Relief to all your worst cold symptoms, plus it relieves your runny nose. 
[ sighs ] THANK YOU! 
[ Male Announcer ] YOU'RE WELCOME. That's the cold truth! 

[01:44:06]


>>> Good morning. Welcome back, everybody. You're watching "sta point." We're fact checking the final presidential debate this morning. Christine romans has been looking at the president's claims about u.S. Trade with china. Christine? 
>> We can't talk about american jobs without talking about china. Both americans talking tough about the world's second largest economy in the debate. And the president claims his policies are working. 
>> Now, with respect to what we've done with china already, u.S. Exports have doubled since I came into office to china and, actuacurrencies are at their most advantageous point for u.S. Exporters since 1983. 
>> He's right if you lock at two isolated months. Just compare the month that the president took office where we exported $4.2 billion to august of this year, the last we have on record, $8.6 billion. But if you look at the trend, exports have not yet doubled. 2008, they were about $6.97 billion. This year we're not on track to double at this point. You can see they haven't doubled yet. Also as exports have rsen, soledad, so have imports. So the trade deficit is worse since 2009. We're exporting more but we're importing more, too. So much of the criticism focused on china's currency, which it keeps artificially low to keep their products cheaper than american goods. There has been some progress on the currency. China has let its currency appreciate a little bit but still is held within a ban set within the government. There are other things the chinese government does routinely to give its industries an edge over u.S. Goods. So a lot still written on this story. I will point out, too, soledad, campaigning presidents tend to be tougher on china than sitting presidents. 

[01:46:10]


>> A lot of questions this morning, certainly the conversations we had with the ambassador burns for one and negroponte yesterday was less about is chieny a currency manipulator and should you out loud say china currency manipulator if you want to have any kind of nuance with them. Christine, thank you for that. 
>>> Could mitt romney's private sector experience be more useful abroad than president obama's military accomplishments? We'll take a look at that, coming up next. ] Ring. Progresso. I just finished a bowl of your new Light Chicken Pot Pie Soup and it's so rich and creamy... is it really 100 calories? Let me put you on webcan... ...lean roasted chicken... and a creamy broth Mmm I can still see you. 
[ Male announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. 0000000000000000000000000000000 

[01:50:08]


>>> welcome back to "starting point," everyone. People in oregon are using snow shovels this morning. Ski resorts did get some of it, but they're not open yet for the ski season. That's how early it is. 
>>> Homeowners in everett, washington, are threatening to sue the city because their homes are literally crumbling. City workers incorrectly expand ed a drainage system, causing this landslide. City officials deny that, calling it a natural event. 
>>> More poll numbers coming in. These are very unscientific poll numbers based on halloween mask sales. There is a clear front-runner for president, president obama. Spirit halloween, the largest seasonal halloween retailer in america says obama masks have out-sold the romney version 60% to 40% and the chain says they have accurately predicted the election winner since they started keeping track way back in 1996. So you have that, soledad. 
>> Like the ppp poll. We don't follow that one either. John, thank you very much. 
>>> We're wrapping up here in florida. Special coverage of the final debate which saw candidates make their case for how they would represent the united states across the world. Mitt romney nearly even with president obama on the question of whether he could handle the job of commander in chief. The close margin could be a sign that despite the president's accomplishments abroad, governor romney's experience in the proist sector could factor into the nation's economic influence around the world. We want to get to this morning editor in chief of the economist. Give me a sense of who you thought was stronger in the debate last night, president obama or governor romney? 
>> I think president obama was the stronger. And he made more of the points. On the other hand, as you just said, romney passed a certain threshold test. He looked reasonably comfortable. Some bits he fluffed. It wasn't, perhaps, his best performance. Obama came out contrite -- he didn't create such a large gap that romney looked completely out of it. 

[01:52:22]


>> Many times we heard governor romney agreeing with president obama. Do you think that made him look WEAKer OR SOMEHOW SUGGESTED Stronger and maybe more reasonable, which could appeal to female voters? 
>> It's interesting with romney, isn't it? He has two bits. One, this sort of business I'm going to do a deal way, where he goes out and tries to make deals as quickly as possible, tries to position himself in the right place. I think that's what he was doing last night. He knew he had to play a somewhat softer, somewhat easier to deal with. A lot of these foreign policies, look at the statements he has made in the past to do with iran, china, even palestine. He had taken stronger positions and was trying to roll back from them. 
>> I'm curious ifthat's what you think he's doing on the issue of calling chieny a currency manipulator on day one of his administration. Do you really think in your experience that's something the president of the united states will do especially because romney doesn't have the backing of republican leaders in congress to do that? 
>> I think it's a very dangerous thing for the following reasons. It takes a calculation, a gamble that the chinese are the same as they ever were. They are used to china bashing on the american presidential trail. Bill clinton did it, obama did it, taking on bashing china. The difference now is that china feels different. They've just had their own president who is just about to come in. I don't think china is in the mood to take ultimatums from america. That is where the danger of what romney is doing. I don't think either mitt romney, if he becomes president, or xi ji ping, neither wants to have a trade war but you can imagine populism getting behind both men. I think it's a very risky thing for romney to be doing. 
>> Here is what governor romney said about a potential trade war. Let's play that. 

[01:54:27]


>> They sell us about this much stuff every year. And we sell them about this much stuff every year. It's pretty clear who doesn't want a trade war. There's one going on right now which we don't know about. It's a silent one. And they're winning. We have an enormous trade imbalance with china. It's worse this year than last year and it's worse last year than the year before. 
>> The focus groups really loved hearing about the sense of unfairness and that someone would do something about it. It's clearly something that resonates with voters. At the same time, dana and i were just talking ahmadinejad, saying that the u.S. Is weer because of all of this debt, which, of course, brings in china again. What kind of nuance can you have in this kind of conversation if you can't immediately declare china a currency manipulator? 
>> China want withes to do a deal. People who run china fundamentally want to focus on their domestic economy the same way either president romney or president obama would want to do the next time around the same thing. It's being told it's part of the g-2 recalled would. It's been told it's now a big superpower, like america. They have a vast amount of internet action. This is one the places where the government is actually more reserved than a lot of stuff you see online. I think that is a dangerous area. What romney or obama for that matter, they're both playing this game. Obama has also taken some anti-cna actions. I heard you talk about the focus group where you were. It goes down very well because people in america can feel the dragon's breath on your shoulder in a way that hasn't happened for 100 years. Suddenly there is a rival to america and that is making people nervous. 
>> Jon mikelwaithe is editor in chief of the economist. Thank you. Appreciate your time. 

[01:56:40]


(Train Horn) 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. One. Two. Three. My credit card rewards are easy to remember. With the bankamericard cash rewards credit card, I earn 1% cash back everywhere, every time. 
[ Both ] 2% BACK ON GROCERIES. 
[ All ] 3% ON GAS! No hoops to jump through. I earn more cash back on the things I buy most. 
[ Woman in pet store ] IT'S AS EASY AS... 
[ All ] ONE! 
-TWO. -[ All ] THREE! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE BANKAMERICARD CASH Rewards credit card. Apply online or at a bank of america near you. business do? Email marketing from constant contact reaches people in a place they're checking every day -- their inbox. And it gives you the tools to create custom emails that drive business. It's just one of the ways constant contact can help you grow your small business. Sign up for your free trial today AT ConstantContact.com/Try. 

[01:59:35]


>> That's it for us this morning. Thanks for joining us live here in boca raton. "Cnn newsroom" starts now with carol costello. 
>>> Who won, who lost and who twisted the truth? 
>> This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told 

﻿Title: Steve Harvey - Steve and Judge Mathis Lay Down the Law!; Act Like a Lady ... Changed Her Life!
Description: Judge Greg Mathis answers viewers' legal questions; a guest says Steve's book ``Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man'' changed her life; an 11-year-old exercise enthusiast; author Meghan Cleary discusses shoes; the latest buzzwords.
Channel: 10 - WCAUDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: Studio B With Shepard Smith
Description: Shepard Smith reports on the days top news stories.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/26/2002
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

You, president obama and governor romney now on a battleground mad dash after sparring in the third and final debate. Analysis of the she down and live reports from the campaign trail coming up. Iran threatening to cut off all oil exports if the united states tightens the economic sanctions against the islamic republic. It comes after the presidential candidates traded barbs over containing iran's nuclear program. 
>> Your 401(k) taking a beating on the corner of wall and birthday with the dow down 195 pounds on weak corporate earnings reports. That is all ahead unless breaking news changes everything. This is "studio b." A sprint to the finish line with exactly two weeks to go until election day. Today, the candidates fanning out to swing states across the country in an effort to grab the crucial undecided voters. President obama this morning was in florida where he unveiled a 20-page booklet called the blue print for america's future. The campaign officials say the booklet highlights the president's plan if the next 
four years: The economy, education, taxes and so forth. 
>> I ask folks compare my plan to governor romney's plan. See which plan is better for you. Share it with your friends. Share it with your neighbors. Share it with your co-workers. Folks who are still not convinced they can look right here and find out what I intend to do in a second term. >>Trace: THE CAMPAIGN RELEASED The book over republican criticism the president has not offered enough specifics what he would do in the second term. Governor romney and paul ryan are focusing their attention out west, the governor expected to speak in november shortly, followed by a rally tonight in colorado with kid rock. Carl cameron has more on the romney campaign. First, to wendell live at the white house. Wendell, anything new in the president's jobs book? >>Reporter: NOT REALLY. The idea was to gather the economic policies including balanced approach to cutting the deficit which is tax hikes and spenng cuts and investments in education and renewable energy and rebuilding the manufacturing sector into a slick booklet and give 3.5 million copies to undecide voters. The president started using the book at a prop at a rally in florida and could use it this afternoon in ohio. He said it is the challenger who really doesn't have a jobs plan. 

[00:02:48]


>> The jobs plan doesn't create jobs. The deficit plan does not reduce the deficit. It adds to it. The foreign policy is from the 1980's. The social policies is from the 1950s. The economic policies are from the 1920's. Everything he is doing right now is to hide his real position and try to win the election. >>Carl: THE PRESIDENT SAYS HE Uses the book to compare his plan to governor romney but the only comparison is on taxes and he says mitt romney would need a new tax hike which he insists he will now allow. >>Trace: WHAT IS THE OBAMA Campaign making of the new national polls giving governor romney the lead? Would report the campaign of obama is focused on florida, virginia, and he, where obama is either tied with governor romney or slightly ahead. The polls have narrowed recently. That suggests that governor romney got more out of the first debate than the president got out of the second two making ohio important. Vice president biden had a rally in ohio and will meet with the president shortly in a state for another one. He told people in ohio the romney flip-flops make him unreliable. 
>> The president said in the second debate, romney is sketchy in what he said. It has been reported that i don't like to correct the president but I would suggest he was wrong. Romney has been etch a sketch. 
>> Officials felt it would be a close race but they believe they are winning the early vote in ohio, iowa, and wisconsin and they say ohio usually vote turn out is higher in counties that supported obama in 2008 to give you an idea how closely they are watching this thing. >>Trace: IT WILL BE CLOSE. Governor romney and his running mate, paul ryan, will make a joint appearance in the battle ground state of nevada in a few minu you can catch the whole thing on FoxNews.COM AND EARLY TODAY, Paul ryan weighed in to the debate over the size of the united states military. You may recall the president last night and governor romney battled over the number of navy ships. 

[00:05:19]


>> Our navy is smaller nowan any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out the mission and we are down to 285. 
>> You mention the navy the we have fewer ships than in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changeed. >>Trace: IN AN INTERVIEW Today, congressman ryan did not find the comments amusing. 
>> Look, I don't understand that comparison the we have to have a strong navy to keep peace and prosperity and sea lanes open. The president's defense cuts, if they go through, our navy is smaller than before world war i. >>Trace: THE PRESIDENT SAID HE Would not let automatic defense cuts or sequestration happen on his watch. Karl program -- carl cameron is in floridaed if and the polls show that romney lost according to the snap polls. >>Carl: THEY DISPUTE IF ROMNEY Should try to beat the incumbent on foreign policy debate but what they did was show he is capable of being commander in chief and he had a command of the issues and was able to rebut and she contrast with president obama last night. They also argue because the romney debate performance in debate one was so strong, this was not a game changer and will not change the overdirection of the race. Romney embraced some of the president's policies but agreed on some and president obama was on the attack. 
>> I congratulate him on going after the leadership of al qaeda and taking out osama bin laden but we cannot kill our way out of this mess. 
>> What we need to do in the middle east is strong, steady leadership, not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map. 
>> Attacking me is not talking about how we will deal with the challenges in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity this and stem the tide of violence. >>Carl: ROMNEY SAYS IF THE President won on points and a few snap polls, et cetera, what really is going to matter is the follow on of the next few days as people digest what happened. The romney campaign overnight has released three ads that will run across the country if battleground states based on the debate performance. In part, the goal being to find folks who may not have seen the debate but will see the ads and see a strong and aggressive performance in the 30-second versions. >>Trace: TWO WEEKS TO GO AND What is the strategy for mitt romney? >>Carl: WORK VERY HARD. A number of days he the hit three states. He is contemplating a 30-minute commercial not unlike what president obama did as a candidate in 20089 week before the election and part of what they doing is turning the ad into closing arguments for the final sprint of the last two weeks. Shear -- here is one from last night. 

﻿Title: Studio B With Shepard Smith
Description: Shepard Smith reports on the days top news stories.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/26/2002
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Flida, virginia, and possibly going to new hampshire or wisconsin that the romney campaign thinks they can pick up that president oba won four years ago but they thing they have a fighting chance because in new hampshire, romney is a part time resident, and ryan is from wisconsin and the polls are tight there. >>Trace: THANK YOU. Now the associate managing editor of the the "wall street journal," parent company of this network. John, I listened earlier to the former chief of staff for the bush white house and he said, d this is a quote, that governor romney was not scary last night. Was that the goal? >>Guest: THERE IS CONCERN IN The romney camp that he has taken some tough decisions on the campaign trail. Do you want to appear tough in this debate on foreign policy to the point where voters could say, gosh, is this an individual who could take us back into war? You have heard that repeati by president obama that he is reckless. So, romney's approach was to look chief executive-like and commander in chief like. I think he achieved that. President obama achieved his goal of pounding on his areas of success in national security. The american public doesn't really like the topic of foreign affairs. They rank it way low in their list of priorities. They got a good earful last night in a pretty good debate. >>Trace: THERE HAS BEEN A LOT Of talk you had governor romney agreeing with president obama on a lot of stuff, including syria and libya and iran, and israel. Suddenly, they are on the same page. Does that help governor romney? >>Gues AND CHINA, TOO, WHICH Got little discussion saying they need to play by the rules. They both used that language, 

[00:02:01]


china needs to play by the rules. It is a centrist more cautious approach by romney. At t end ofhe day, you ve two smart, good, extemporaneous speakers, both came off strong and both got acrossss their message. There were gymnastics in the language as they diverted from foreign affairs which does not resonate well with the public to the domestic message. We heard that last night. They did not talk about key issues like the euro zone. >>Trace: I AM LOOKING HERE, Two weeks to go and president obama has $150 million in the bank and romney has $183 million, does the extra few million buy a few votes? >>Guest: PROBABLY. But the level of advertising, you have to just imagine it has a diminishing effect, the message is out and pounded on, now, for weeks. >>Trace: THANK YOU, JOHN Bussey from the "wall street journal" this afternoon. >> Emergency room floods with the same come -- complaint: Too much energy drink that could be related to several deaths. inherits challenges. Few have faced so many. Four years later... Our enemies have been brought to justice. Our heroes are coming home. Assembly lines are humming again. There are still challenges to meet. Children to educate. A middle class to rebuild. But the last thing we should do is turn back now. PRESIDT OBAMA: I'm Barack Obama and... 

[00:04:04]


I approve this message. ] health role throughout our lives. One a day men's 50+ is a complete multi-vitamin designed for men's health concerns as we age. It has more of 7 antioxidants to support cell health. One a day men's 50+. 

[00:06:44]


>>Trace: STOCKS TANKING ON Word of terrible earnings from industry giant, the dow at the top of the show was down 194 and now down to 217 and not just the current slow earnings that are fueling fears. Analysts say investors are concerned it could be a sign what is to come. Gerri willis is in new york, now. What is behind this sell off? Down 217? Gear frightening. What is behind this is weak earnings. Big warnings of global earnings from a lot of companies INCLUDING 3M AND DuPONT SAYING They will cut 1,500 jobs. We got bad news from united technologies. Everything seems to be falling today the gold futures down. Oil, down. Across the board, we are seeing weakness as people reassess how strong the global economy is. >>Trace: DOWN 217. Back to gerri with more breaking news later in the show. >> Speaking of stocks, stock in an energy maker is falling after reports that a company highly caffeinated products are links to five deaths. Among them is a 14-year-old maryland girl whose parents are suing. They claim she died from caffeine toxicity after drinking two, 24-ounce cans in a 24-hour period. According to the centers for disease control, a can of monster best selling drink has five times the amount of caffeine as a a 12 ounce soda and double an average cup of coffee. They are saying and I quote, "it is unaware of any fatality anywhere that has been causeed by our drinks." The energy drinks are listed as dietary supplements. We see a lot of kids coming in 

[00:08:45]


and they feel like their heart is drinking. Any links between the drinks and heart problems? >>Guest: KIDS FEEL THIS IS A Drink for the end of the day and they do not realize what is in here. Two main things, caffeine and sugar, in general, we don't want you to have too much caffeine. We know what caffeine caused, rapid heart rate, nervousness, insomnia. It can lead to more serious problems. >>Trace: THE CANS ARE NOT Supposed to be marketed to kids with something that says they e not meant if kids but you know kids have them, I have nieces and nephews that have friends that drink six or seven a day. >>Guest: THEY DON'T REALIZE There is more in them than what an average drink or soft drink would be or juice or water. I don't think they are informed. I don't think it is horrible to have one or two, but, again, we want moderation opposed to enormous amounts. If you are a young child, and you are dehydrated and exercising it may not be that healthy to do that and run a marathon or run a race because you will feel your heart pounding. >>Neil: AND KIDS ARE MIXING Them with vodka or something else and over caffeine drinks and then they get an enormous amount of caffeine. Thank you, doctor, great to see you. >> The first snow of the season is now hitting the west coast. Hitting hard. A freak storm burying california with 2' of snow. And even churning out a tornado. That is next. bank. Why they have a raise your rate cd. 

[00:10:47]


Tonight our guest, thomas sargent. Nobel laureate in economics, and one of the most cited economists in the world. Professor sargent, can you tell me what cd rates will be in two ars? No. If he can't, no one can. That's why ally has a raise your rate cd. Ally bank. Your money needs an ally. 

[00:12:53]


60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE P The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT Acare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. >>Trace: A MAJOR STORM SYSTEM In california bringing heavy snow and a tornado to the northern part of the state. This is a funnel cloud which is north of sacramento. There are reports of twisters south of the city. spots are now covered in 2' of snow! The conditions are a mess between sacramento and reno, nevada. Now, we have wwor meteorologist. Is this weather unusual this time of year? >>Guest: WELLING TRACE, IT IS A little bit early in the season. There was a storm system in the gulf of alaska that stalled yesterday. It provides the mountain areas with a significant snow fall. They will get more snow showers tonight andisters 40 miles north 

[00:14:55]


of sacramento bringing downpours to the game last night. Things will improve the next couple of days. >>Trace: YOU HAVE SNOW IN California and the caribbean you have tropical storm. Could it cause the problems for the east coast? >>Guest: WELL, WE ARE WATCHING That closely. All weather eyes are on this. It is a tropical storm with winds of 50 miles per hour. Tomorrow it will move over jamaica an intensify into a category I hurricane before moving over cuba by thursday, bahamas on friday, and off the south florida coastline by early saturday morning providing tropical storm force winds. Then on the eastern seaboard it will affect the area by next week. And tropical dedirection -- tropical storm depression, as wealth, we are watching. >>Trace: APPLE UNVEILED A Device today, a smaller and lighter tablet selling for, $329. That starts on friday. It is said to be pencil t. With a screen measuring 7.9" diagonal, about to thirds the size of a full ipad. But slightly larger than cheaper tablets from amazon and google. Apple dominates the market and they report that has now sold 100 million ipads since debate in 2010. >> There are now new threats from iran about oil exports that could send u.S. Oil prices much higher. The details on that are ahead. And highlights from the debate. Our experts are weighing in on the winning lines and the lines that fell flat. 

[00:17:01]


] lab. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. There's a pop. Wahlalalalallala! Pepper, but not pepper, I'm getting like, pep-pepper. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, zip zip zip zip zip! I'm literally getting zinged by the flavor. Smooth, but crisp. Velvety. Kind of makes me feel like a dah zing yah woooooh! [ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Could've had a v8. Woooo! 

[00:19:43]


wings. >>Trace: THIS IS "STUDIO B." Iran is threatening to cut off oil exports at western powers tighten the sanctions over negotiations of the nuclear program. Such a move could drive up crude prices around the world. Iran's oil minister telling reporters and I quote, "we are hopeful this doesn't happen because we don't want to see european and u.S. Citizens suffer." The latest threats come a day after thes. Presidential debate in which both candidates touted the sanctions against iran. >> As long as I am president of the united states iran will not get a nuclear weapon. We organized the strongest coalition and the strongest sanctions and it is crippling their economy. >> I would have put the sanctions if place remainlier but it is good we have them. I would add, also, I would tighten the sanctions. >> Iran pushing back against the sanctions. Back to gerri willis from the fox business network of the talk about what everyone else is talking about, what this could do to oil prices. 

[00:21:44]


>>Gerri: IT IS NOT AFFECTING Oil prices. They are not going up but going down. Iran is only 5 percent of global output and the big problem is that there is not enough supply, there is not enough demand. That is the big issue. Crude oil prices are down $2.30, down for the 4th straight day in a row. This is a big move. Oil per barrel at $86. >>Trace: I PAID $4.85 FOR A Gallon this morning. Is this good news for gas prices? >>Gerri: THEY ARE DOWN 12.5 IN A week. The average is $3.65 a gallon across the nation with the biggest weekly decline in four years. Some of that is seasonal, of course, with the gas prices down because the height of the summer driving is over and this is not a lot of pressure on prices, the cheaper winter blends are coming on the market. They cost less to make. That adds up. But they still are at record levels. If you are in california, isn't that your own fault at the end of the day, really, there are cheap are places to live. >>Trace: YOU ARE RIGHT, BUT, 5 for the good stuff? Iran's nuclear program appeared in the presidential debate last night with president obama and governor romney with a few heated exchanges and the threat iran poses to israel and the wider middle east. Who made a better argument in more important, in polical terms, was anyone paying attention? We have a consultant to the obama campaign in 2008 who now is thepresident and c.E.O. Of the marketing firm and founder and c.E.O. Of the republican polling concern, a former 

[00:23:45]


pollster for new jersey governor chris christie. Adam, clearly romney played defense, right? The snap polls all said president obama won because he was more aggressive so I will give you a chance to tuesday morning quaterback for us. Do you still believe romney's strategy was effective? >>Guest: ROMNEY'S STRATEGY WAS Effective. I don't think he was playing defense, he was playing offense and he set out to do something and that was to be calm, cool, collected, look like a leader, give people permission to believe this is a guy who could be president. He was up against the guy who was petty, angry, insulting, divisive and he came off looking better. The snap polls, they really are not worth anything. What we will see is when the polling that is being done now is processed and it takes a few days, by the beginning of next week, what we will see is the following: There has been no appreciable gain for president obama and mitt romney is still going to be leading. >>Trace: HE IS TALKING ABOUT The president about the bayonet and horses. Right? Reminding mitt romney that planes land on aircraft carriers. Listen to donald rumsfeld on that comment on america's newsroom this morning. >> The fact that the navy is shrinking is an important serious subject that merited a thoughtful, serious important discussion. All it got was a dismissive arrogant answer from the president by someone who has never served in the military. I found it disappointsing. >>Guest: I DON'T KNOW IF I Want to take any foreign policy or defense advise from donald rumsfeld giving the disaster he led us into in iraq, but i thought the president did extraordinarily well that is why the snap poll showed him winning. He was right to make that point. Mitt romney demonstrateed a. 

[00:26:01]


>> Poor showing of russia. When he talked about iran wanting syria for access to the sea, persia is iran and there is a country between syria and iran and it is iraq. >>Trace: ADAM? Can you comment? >>Guest: HERE IS THE THING. Romney was very, very clear in how he perceived the threats around the globe. I don't think it stops the president or his supporter to make it sound like mitt romney is this war among gearer guy. It go back to the central joy of what he does yesterday. I will vote for mitt romney. I would loved to have had romney been so aggressive but that wasn't the strategy. He is appealing to the people who are still undecided, the nonpartisan. He is looking calm, cool, and collected. >>Trace: JOHN? >> He may have been calm but he was incomp tenths. That is the number one foe? He is 20 years out of date. He said that multiple times. And he talked about iran --. >> Foe is different from a threat. >> I am not sure how else to interpret that. >>Trace: GENTLEMAN, GOOD Debate. We will hear more on this. Thank you both. Election officials in battleground states like florida are warning folks that someone is sending fake letters telling people they may not be eligible to vote. According to florida secretary of state, the letters are not real but they appear to be legitimate. The letters are designed to confuse voters and one of the fake letters reads and I quote, "you must complete the attached voter eligibility form and return it to the supervisor of elections office in 15 days of 

[00:28:03]


receipt, failure to submit this form in 15 days will result in the removal your name from the voter registration polls and you will no longer be eligible to vote." Now the news from south florida. Fill, are these letters that are questioning folks' citizenship status, right? Phil: Or the people were led to believe they got the fake letters questioning their citizenship and every voter who got one is a legitimate u.S. Citizen and they all, all but one, are a registered republican. People like a man born decades ago in west virginia and now resides naples, florida, a businessman. The letter he and others received looks real. In his mine it is a real attempt at suppressing republican voter town out. >> My concern is, again, the absentee ballot folks and maybe those who are not so mobile, maybe they are on the fence whether they want to vote anyway in the election, just decided i will not mess with it or risk it. Phil: The department of law enforcement is investigating but you have a couple states involved, florida and washington state. The department of justice usually investigates things like this but never confirm or deny an ongoing investigation. >>Tr HOW ABOUT ANY GROUP Who is behind this? Phil: I have not identified anyone. There is no return address or any indication who mailed this. They were all noncertified letters they have been the work of one person crafty and clever, but they could have just dropped all leters off in a mailbox and they could be untraceable. The secretary of state in florida now reports letters shows up in 23 of the 67 

[00:30:04]


counties. One clue is the postmark of seattle, walk, which has nothing to do with florida election laws. Dirty trick, first for historic battleground florida. >> They could possibly know that florida will probably be a highly contexted state on the presidential level and it is very close and if they can get enough voters convinced future to go to the polls who ordinarily would go to the polls that would help their cause. Phil: The romney campaign is aware and concerned. All florida votes are being publicized in the warning but the big concern is, if someone not that someone would decide, well, I don't have time to deal with this and they don't vote. >>Trace: THANK YOU, FILL. The violence if syria, again, spilling across the border. Another shell now striking turkey. This time, it hit a health center. It comes after turkey has repeated their vows to strike back. Plus, new evidence in the deadly meningitis outbreak linked to tainted shots. expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. [ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. thehave lg... [ Mom ] WE ALREADY HAVE A TV. Would you like to know more abo it? 

[00:32:04]


Yeah, but let me put my wife on speaker. Hi! Hi. It's led and it has great picture quality. I don't know... It's ultralim... Maybe next year. You cod always put it on layaway and pay a little at a time. Alright. We'll take it! Ah! I love you! Hmm! Ahem. Football. [ Male Announcer ] SHOP NOW. Get the hottest brands on your list today... Pp like the lg 55 inch led tv. And put it on layaway now so you have more time to pay. Walmart. running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, we're teaming up with companies like cisco to help make sure everyone is ready with the know-how we need for a new tomorrow. [ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. 
??????  

[00:34:37]


 ??????
>>Trace: A NEW LOOK AT THE WAR In syria that has led to the deaths of 34,000 people. This is video from syrian rebel fighter would show them battling government troops in a key northern city. War planes have launched new attacks on the rebel held town and we cannot independently confirm that. A syrian anti-aircraft shell hit a health center in turkey but marks the latest escalation in the conflict that threatens to consume multiple nations. The chief correspondent has the news. There is talk of the envoy trying to get a ceasefire in place by friday. What are the chances? >>Jonathan: VERY SLIM. Friday is start of a spell festival and the peace envoy would like do get a cease-fire but the opposition is so fractured right now that there is no leadership that could guarantee a cease-fire and president bashar al-assad does not want a cease-fire. He is calculating that chaos benefits him because the nations that might otherwise intervene are too afraid of what might come after him. >> If the opposition is fractured and assad breaks there will be a vacuum and islamists going to the other countries and kurds getting armed up and it can go badly quickly. This is just another reminder of why to conflict has to to resolve soon. >>Jonathan: NO ONE HAS ANY Idea how to end this although they agree it needs to happen. 

[00:36:39]


>>Trace: A CEASEFIRE IS Holding in lebanon but tensions are high. >>Jonathan: THE ARM IS ON THE Streets of lebanon in beirut and the northern city of tripoli with violence in both of those cities but it seems to be calmer now. There is now talk of a new coalition government taking power in lebanon, a move that the united states appears to approve. >> We, the united states, are not going to prejudge the outcome of any move to establish a new govern willing coalition. This obviously a lebanese affair. What we don't want is a vacuum of political authority, we do support this process that now is underway to produce a new government that is responsive to the needs of the lebanese people. >>Jonathan: AND IT IS WORTH Marking the anniversary, 29 years to the day since a truck bomb was driven up to the u.S. Marine barracks in beirut, lebanon, killing 241 americans. A lot of people would say little has changed in that region in the intervening 29 years. >>Trace: AND JOINING US NOW, Visiting fellow from the center for strategic and international studies, specializing in security and politics in the middle east and north africa and he also recently returned from lebanon. As you watch this, sir, do you get the feeling that bashar al-assad is getting better at this? He watched what happened in egypt and libya and he is dragging this thing out. >>Guest: IT IS CLEAR THAT President assad has learned all of the "best lessons of practices" from the crisis in egypt, libya and tunisia. That being said, that does not 

[00:38:39]


offer a solution for syria. It doesn't offer a solution for a country where the social fabric has been ripped apart. We are looking at a pattern that is likely to show a long-term crisis. We all want this to go away if a quick resolution in syria but the reality and the pressures from multisectarian country in lebanon and in iraq and now syria are that these are long, painful conflicts and they could take as long as they need to resolve and there needs to be unity at the international level, something we don't have in syria. >>Trace: YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT People unestimating how long this would actualast and you talk about the arab spring, this is the air spring, summer, and fall and winter is is coming. >>Guest: WE LOOK AT THIS AS AN Arab decade, or decades, a country that is dealing with a full range of underlying demographic sectarian economic and class pressure going back to the second world war if not before. All of these were held back by the assad regime. Now you have, usually, what is a sectarian free for all and competing for power in damascus. It is looking like both sides and a splintered opposition, but both sides are anywhere but at a point where they are fatigued enough to consider realistic exit strategies at local level. >>Trace: THE CEASE-FIRE BY Friday is very unlikely. Thank you, sir, for joining. >> The deadly meningitis outbreak has claimed more victims. We have new details about the outbreak, the maker of the drug was warned about the potential if disaster years ago but kept on rating dangerously. 

[00:41:15]


cold, nyquil, but I'm still stubbed up. [ Male Announcer ] TRUTH IS, Nyquil doesn't unstuff your nose. What? [ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus Liquid Gels Speeds relief to your worst cold symptoms plus has a decongestant for your stuffy nose. Thanks. That's the cold truth! payout settlement or annuity over 10 or even 20 years? Call imperial structured settlements. The experts at imperial can convert your long-term payout into a lump sum of cash today. @ 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE PLAN. [ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. @@ 

[00:43:55]


>>Trace: THE MENINGITIS Outbreak has now sicken the 300 people around the country and health officials said that today. The death toll stands at 23. Investigators believe it is related to tainted steroid medication from a massachusetts pharmacy. Now there is word that the problems at the pharmacy date back years. That is according to the state documents. Workers were not properly controlling contamination at the facility in 2006. Now more from atlanta, the home of the centers for disease control and prevention. What else did inspectors find? >>Jonathan: ACCORDING TO THE Documents obtained by the associated press, private inspectors hired by the state of massachusetts in 26 fix found significant gaps in operating procedures and inadequate documentation of activists purchased at the new england compounding center. That was back in 2006. Hour, they reportedly corrected the problems and passed another state inspection in 2011 as the pharmacy prepared to upgrade their operations. >>Trace: THERE HAS BEEN SOME Confusion over what clinics could have received the contaminated medicine, right? >>Guest: THAT IS RIGHT. The investigation focused initially on the steroid injections but later the investigators expanded it to include all products manufactured by the company. The f.D.A. Issued a group of clinics that receiveed suspect medication including drugs beyond just the injectable steroids they were initially investigating. In hours the agency removed the list from the website saying that it found some technical problems and incorrect data. The f.D.A. Says they are working to correct the list and will repost it when it can verify the 

[00:45:56]


accuracy. Although the company has voluntarily recall all products, the medicine of concern is the injectable steroid used for back treatments and most of those patients have already been notified. >>Trace: WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT The incubation period being 28 days is there a sign the outbreak is tapering off? >>Jonathan: MANY BELIEVE IT Is. The product was recalled, the product of most concern, recalled september 26, exactly 27 days ago when you consider the median incubation period is 15 days and the maximum reported so far is 42 days many supporters believe the worst is already over but because this is unchartered territory they say they cannot predict with confidence when we will stop hearing about new cases. Trace? >>Trace: THANK YOU, JOHNATHON. Heavy security can make anyone jumpy. An unexpected visitor at a major international hub. 

[00:48:21]


Cheerios cholesterol as part of a heart healthy diet. That's true. ...But you still have to go to the gym. 
?????? The one and only, Cheerios   ??????
60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE PLAN. [ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. O dreams. One is for a clean, domestic energy future that puts us in control. Our abundant natural gas is already saving us money, producing cleaner electricity, putting us to work here in america and supporting wind and solar. Though all energy development comes with some risk, we're commted to safely and responsibly producing natural gas. It's not a dream. America's natural gas... Putting us in control of our energy future, now. 

[00:50:56]


>>Trace: THE ANIMAL IS FINE But she has some store paws. Shepard smith is back later with the "fox report," take a look at the dow, down 239 and the man would has much more on that, neil cavuto. And "your world." Starts right now. >>Neil: FORGET WHO WON THE 

﻿Title: Super Why! - Zora's Art Adventure
Description: Pig can't figure out what to paint in art class.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 2:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/10/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

learn a new word, and use the power to read to chae the story. Let's go! 
- ???????????? Who's got the power, the power to re ?????? ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chuck e. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. Sometimes the greatest adventure can start with one click. ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy, proud supporter of PBS Kids andSuper Why! ad? ?????? ?????? Who answer the call for friends in need? ?????? ?????? Super Why! Super Why! ?????? ?????? He's the guy he's Super Why ?????? ?????? Who's got the power, the power to read? ?????? ?????? Who looks into books for the answers we need? ?????? ?????? Super Why! Super Why! ?????? ?????? And the Super Readers we're gonna fly ?????? ?????? Come along with the Super Readers ?????? ?????? Adventure waits when you're with Super Why ?????? ?????? Super Why and the Super Readers ?????? ?????? Yeah ?????? ?????? Super Why and the Super Readers ?????? ?????? Adventure waits when you're with Super Why ?????? ?????? Yeah Super Why! ???????????? 

[00:02:10]


- Hi! So glad you're here! It's me, Whyatt! 
- Woof, woof! - Hi, Puppy! Welcome to Storybrook Village where all our fairy tale friends live! 
- Woof, woof, woof! [Ring tone] 
- Aww, look! We're having art class at school scday! Let's go! 
- Woof! Woof! ?????????????????? Woof! Woof! Woof! - Come on! 
- Woof! Woof! Woof! - Hee-hee-hee! 
- Woof! 
- Over here, Whyatt! 
- OK, everyone, today is "Kid's Choice"! You can paint a picture of anything you want. 
- Yeah! - "Kid's Choice!" 
- Fun! 
- Hmm... - Woof! 
- Ooh, I know just what I want to paint: my puppy! Hold still, Puppy! ?????????????????? 
- My picture's going to be a soccer ball. ?????????????????? 
- What are you going to paint, Pig? 
- I don't know, Whyatt. Let me think for a sec. I'll paint a picture of... um... Uh-oh. 
- Wh-what's the matter, Pig? - I don't have any ideas! None! I don't know WHAT to paint! 
- This is a super big problem. And a super big problem needs us... the Super Readers! We need to call the rest of the Super Readers! Call them with me! Say, "Calling all Super Readers!" 
- [Kids]: Calling all Super Readers! 
- [Whyatt]: To the Book Club! - [Kids]: To the Book Club! 

[00:04:11]


- Come on, to the Book Club! ?????????????????? Whyatt here! 
- Woof! Woof! 
- "P" is for Pig! 
- Red Riding Hood rollin' in! 
- Princess Pea at your service! 
[Sniffing] 
- And you! Say your name! Great. We're all here. Together we will solve Pig's problem! Let's go! ?????????????????? 
[Computer beeping] OK, Pig, state your problem! 
- It's "Kid's Choice" in art class but I don't know what picture to make! 
- Oh, no! - Oh, dear! 
- How can I get an idea for what to paint? 
- Excellent question! When we have a question, we look... 
- [All]: In a book! - Which book should we look in? 
- Peas and carrots, carrots and peas, book come out, please, please, please! 
[Magical chiming] 
- Let's read the title of this book. Zora's Art Adventure. We know what to do! We need to jump into this book and find the answer to Pig's question! First, we look for Super Letters. And then put them in our Super Duper... Computer! Super Duper Computer, how many Super Letters do we need? 

[00:06:20]


[He gasps] In this story, we need seven Super Letters, and then we'll get our Super Story Answer! It's time to transform! Ready? 
- [All]: Ready! 
- Come on, Puppy, you're coming too! 
- Woof! - Super duper! Arms in! Put your arm in! Super Readers... 
- [All]: To the rescue! 
- Alpha Pig... with Alphabet Power! 
- Wonder Red... with Word Power! 
- Princess Presto... with Spelling Power! 
- Super Why... with the Power to Read! 
- And Woofster... with Dictionary Power! 
- Together we are... 
- [All]: The Super Readers! 
- Whyflyers! We're ready to fly into this book! 
[Magical chiming] 
- ???????????? Super Readers ?????? - ?????? To the rescue! ?????? ?????? It's time to fly with the Super Readers ?????? ?????? 'Cause we've got a problem to solve ?????? ?????? Super Readers ?????? - ?????? To the rescue! ?????? 
- ?????? Super Readers ?????? ?????? Working together with powers to read ?????? ?????? Into books we fly to find the Super Story Answer ?????? ?????? It's Super Why ?????? ?????? Super Readers to the rescue! ???????????? 

[00:08:26]


- Presto! We're in the book Zora's Art Adventure! ?????????????????? 
- Let's read! Why Writer... highlight! Read with me! "Once there was a girl named Zora who loved to paint." 
- I'm Zora! 
- "One day, Zora saw there was a big art show." 
- A big art show? I LOVE that! 
- Zora did not know what to paint. Oh, splatter! I don't know WHAT to paint for the art show! I need an idea. 
- And that, Super Readers, is why we are in this book! Pig and Zora both need ideas for what to paint! 
- To Zora! Let's roll! ?????????????????? 
- Hi, Zora. We're the Super Readers, and we want to talk to you. - Hi, Super Readers. You're not her for the art show, are you? Because I still don't have any ideas for what to pat. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm a painter! I need to paint! [Rumbling nearby] 
[Zora gasps] Did you hear that noise? - I sure did! But what is it? 
- Cool! - Neat-o! 
- Woof! - Whoa! What is this place? It came out of nowhere. Like magic! 
- The sign says "Art Museum". 
[Zora gasps] - Art museum? Really? I've always wanted to go to an art museum. 
- Me too, me too! Um... what's an art museum? 
- Woofster to the rescue! With my doggie dictionary, I can tell you what any word means! "Art Museum" means: a place where all kinds of art is shown-- paintings, sculptures, and drawings. "Art Museum." Now we know what it means! Woof-de-doo! Give your tail a wag! 

[00:10:51]


- To the magic art museum! ?????????????????? 
- Whoa! - Ooooh! 
- Cool! - Beautiful! 
- Wow! Look at these paintings! 
- Oh, my peas. The paintings are... moving. - How cool! Hee-hee! 
- Welcome to the Magic Museum! 
- Oh! Who said that? 
- Hey, hey, it was me! - Whoa! 
- My name is Mo. I'm a mo-saic! Ya dig? 
[Laughing] 
- A mosaic? - Yup. Ha-ha! Mosaics are a kind of art made out of tiny pieces of clay tiles. See my tiles? Mm-hmm, yep, they're all different colours! 
- Ohhh. What colour is this tile? 
- Why, that's gold. 
- Gold is so shiny. Oh, this gold colour makes me... happy! 
- Aww. - Happy. ?????? Happy, happy, happy! ?????? [Mo yelling] 
[Shattering] Oh, no! Mo! your tiles are... broken! 
- I'm... blank! I'm blank! What am I gonna do?! 
- Alpha Pig to the rescue! With my Amazing Alphabet Tools I can put new tiles on Mo the mosaic. First let's find the black tiles. Black starts with the letter "B". Where's the "B"? 
- [Kids]: There! - There's the "B"! "B" for "black"! 
- Phew! 
- Now let's find the red tiles. Red starts with an "R". Where's the "R"? 

[00:12:58]


- [Kids]: There! - "R!" For "red"! Go, red tiles, go! 
[Laughing] Now let's fix the colour that makes Zora 
happy: gold! Gold starts with the letter "G". Where's the "G"? 
- [Kids]: There! - There's the "G"! For "gold"! 
- Woo, woo, woo! My tiles are back! Whew-ee! 
- Lickety Letters! We fixed the mosaic! Let's give ourselves a big thumbs up! 
- Whew-ee! Thanks Super Readers! 
- Phew-ee is right! Oh, that gold is divine. Hmm, maybe gold is part of an idea. Hmm... Oh, splatter! I don't know. 
- Hmm... [He gasps] There's another room of pictures. Maybe you'll get an idea in there. 
- Ohhh, let's explore, let's explore! ?????????????????? 
- You see Super Letters? Which ones? 
- [Kids]: "N", "P"! 
- "N", "P". Wow! Let's put them in our Super Duper... 
- [Super Why and kids]: Computer! 
- Five more Super Letters and then we'll get our Super Story Answer! Right on, Readers! ?????????????????? 
- Neiggggh! - Did you hear that? Ooooh! It sounded like... a ponyyyy! 

[00:15:00]


- Neiggggh! - It is a pony! Hi, Pony. - Neigh! I'm made of dots. It's called pointillism. Even my name is Dot! [Giggling] 
- Dot! I like your dots! Looking at them makes me... happy. - Aww. 
- Happy, happy... - Not again! 
- ?????? Happy, happy, happy! ?????? ?????? Happy, happy, happy! ?????? [Dot yelling] 
- Woof... Again! 
- Dot! Your dots! 
[Whispering]: They fell off! - Neigh! My dots! 
- I'm... dotless! Whatever will I do? 
- Cue the sparkles, cue the music, Princess Presto to the rescue! With my Magic Spelling Wand, I can spell the word "dots" and make new dots for Dot! Spell with me! What letter makes the sound "duh"? 
- [Kids]: "D!" 
- "D!" Wands up! Write a lowercase "D" with me! 
[Magical chiming] 
[Laughing] - Oh! It tickles! 
- Now, what letter makes the sound "aw"? 
- [Kids]: "O!" - "O!" Write a lowercase "O" with me! Like a little circle! 
[Magical chiming] Now, what letter makes the sound "tuh"? 
- [Kids]: "T!" - "T!" Write a lowercase "T" with me! 
[Magical chiming] 
[Laughing] And finally, what letter makes the sound "sss"? 
- [Kids]: "S!" - "S!" Let's write a lowercase "S". Like a little snake. 

[00:17:03]


[Magical chiming] 
[Laughing] 
- D-O-T-S. "Dots!" Presto! 
[Laughing] - Much tter. 
- Spectacular spelling! We spelled "dots" and put dots back on Dot! Hee-hee-hee! Let's take a bow. 
[Magical chiming] 
- Neiggggh! My dots are back! 
- You see Super Letters? Which ones? 
- [Kids]: "S", "R"! - "S", "R"! We need to put them in our Super Duper... 
- [Super Why and kids]: Computer! 
- Three more Super Letters and then we'll get our Super Story Answer! Way to go, Super Readers! 
- Dots make me happy. Maybe they're part of an idea! Uh... 
[Fanfare] 
[Zora gasps] The art show is starting?! Hmm... Oh, splatter! I still don't know what to paint! OK, think, Zora. Think! Oh, it's no use! I have NO ideas for what to paint! It even says so in my story. "Zora paints nothing." [The others gasp] What am I going to do? 
- Super Why to the rescue! Wthe Power to Read, I can change this story and save the day! Let's change the word "nothing" in this sentence. Zzzap! Zora needs an idea for her picture. Let's find the things that Zora likes. Why Writer... write! Which colour made Zora happy? Pink, orange, or gold? 

[00:19:26]


- [Kids]: Gold! - Gold! Which is the word "gold"? It starts with a "G". 
- [Kids]: There! - There it is! Zzzap! Zzzap! Let's read. "Zora paints gold." 
- How I love gold! And it IS giving me an idea! I can paint... a gold sun! 
- I'll add the word "and" so we can add more ideas to this sentence. 
- "And!" Let's help Zora paint more! Now, which of these words is a shape Zora likes? Dots, squares, or triangles? 
- [Kids]: Dots! - Dots! Which is the word "dots"? It starts with a "D". 
- [Kids]: There! - There it is! Zzzap! Zzzap! Let's read. "Zora paints gold and dots." 
- Oh, I love dots! Oh, I do have an idea! These dots can be... tiny grains of sand! Now I have a sun and sand... and that gives me ANOTHER idea! Blue paint to make... the ocean! I made a beach picture! 
- Nice work, Zora! - Cool! 
- I'm so happy! Happy! Hee-hee! Happy! - Um... Happy! Happy! Happy! - Uh-oh. Zora? 
- Don't hug the paig! 

[00:21:29]


- Right, thanks. 
- Did the gold and dots help Zora find ideas for her picture? 
- Woof, woof! - [Kids]: Yes! 
- Yes! Super Job, Super Readers! We helped Zora find things she liked, and that gave her ideas for what to paint! 
- Woof-de-doo! 
- Hee-hee! I'm ready for the art show. 
- Hurray! - Awesome! 
- Yes! - Woof, woof, woof, woof! 
- You see our last three Super Letters? Which ones? 
- [Kids]: "I", "I", "E"! 
- Two "I's" and an "E". Cool! Let's put them in our Super Duper... 
- [Super Why and kids]: Computer! 
- We found all of our Super Letters! Now we can get our Super Story Answer! Right on, Readers! 
- Oh, look at that! Dots for sd! I was inspired by you. - Aww. 
- The gold in your mosaic gave me the idea for the sun. 
- Hey, hey! - Hee-hee-hee-hee! 
- Wow! - Cool! 
- Woof, woof! - That's such a pretty painting! 
- Thanks! I'm so... happy. [All laughing] Thanks for your help, Super Readers! 
- You're welcome, Zora! - Woof, woof, woof! 
- Bye! 
- Whyflyers! Back to the Book Club! Come on, Woofster! 
- Woof! 
- ?????? We found the Super Story Answer with Super Why! ?????? 
[Magical chiming] 

[00:23:32]


[Computer beeping] 
- Super Duper Computer, give us our Super Story Answer! 
[Computer beeping] Read the letters with me! I-n-s p-i-r-e. "Inspire." The Super Story Answer is "inspire". 
[Fireworks] But why? 
- [Red]: Because Zora looked at things she liked in the museum to inspire her to make her own painting! 
- So my question is: how can I get an idea for what to paint? 
- And your answer is: 
- [All]: Inspire! 
- Oh! Maybe I can find something I like too, and that will inspire me with ideas for my painting! Let's go back to art class! ?????????????????? OK, let me see. I know! I really like that blue colour. It makes me ?????? Happy, happy, happy! ?????? 
[Laughing] The blue inspires me to paint a bright blue sky! ?????????????????? 
[He gasps] That gives me another idea! I can paint my backyard, and my papa... and I think I'm gonna need more paper! 
[Laughing] 
- Hip, hip, hurray! The Super Readers save the day! ?????????????????? 
- ???????????? Hip hip hurray ?????? - ?????? Hurray! ?????? 
- ?????? The Super Readers save the day ?????? ?????? We changed the story ?????? ?????? We solved the problem ?????? ?????? We worked together so hip hip hurray! ?????? ?????? Hip hip hurray ?????? - ?????? Hurray! ?????? 

[00:25:38]


- ?????? The Super Readers save the day ?????? ?????? Hip hip hurray ?????? - ?????? Hurray! ?????? 
- ?????? The Super Readers save the day! ???????????? ?????????????????? weekdays on pbs kids, new friends... Hiya, toots. Hi, friends! And new ways to have fun. Dancing backward, dancing backward. Watch "daniel tiger's neighborhood," weekdays only on pbskids, or watch daniel tiger anytime at pbskids.Org. ?????? 
[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chuck e. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. At ABCmouse.com, we believe that learning is the greatest adventure of all. ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy, proud supporter of PBS Kids andSuper Why! ?????? Closed Captioning bySETTE inc. 

[00:28:13]


- Calling all Super Readers! Come play and read at pbskids.org 
>> Hello, folks. It's me the conductor. Today, the pteranodon family will take the train under the sea to meet a shark called cretoxyrhina, so come on along with me on the 

﻿Title: Tavis Smiley
Description: Adam Nagourney, The New York Times; singer Luciana Souza.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Onight could be a long with a couple of key states out west possibly holding the key to the race. Tonight, we will look at the impact of the west with adam nagourney, l.A. Bureau chief for the new york times. His thoughts on a controversial anti-union proposition in california and we would discuss the passing of a liberal lion over the weekend, george mcgovern. A conversation with adam nagourney of the new york times coming up right now. 
>> There is a saying that dr. King had that said there is always the right time to do the right thing. I just try to live my life every day by doing the right thing. We know that we are only halfway to completely eliminate hunger, and we have a lot of work to do. Walmart committed $2 billion to fighting hunger in the u.S. As we work together, we can stamp hunger out. 
>> And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. 
Tavis: Adam nagourney is the l.A. Bureau chief for the new york times following years as the paper's chief national political correspondent. Good to have you back on this program. We finally arrive at a day i thought would never come. The debates are finally over. It just two weeks from election day. It has been a perennial campaign. Let me start with a question that has been on my mind a lot. What do you make of the perennial, never-ending campaign? If you like mitt romney and lose four years ago, the campaign never stops. Even if you are obama and u.N. Four years ago, the campaign never stops. America seems to be less about governing and more about campaigning. Everything you do is about the campaign. Does that make sense? 

[00:02:23]


>> I agree with you. The problem has to do with government. There is very little time to get things done. As soon as these guys are in washington, they are already thinking about the next campaign. The first 100 days -- and now, sometimes, it is the first 50 days before things began to change. No matter how the race turns out in two weeks, you will see people, certainly republicans if the president gets elected, heading to iowa before the end of the year. No joke. The question is when we begin to cover it. Usually, out of respect, we try to wait. I would bet by one year from now, you will see lots of stories in iowa and new hampshire. 
Tavis: That scares me. 
>> They have to get fund- raisers, nail down supporters, and the earlier it begins, the more pressure there is on people to do it. If romney loses, you will see a wide open appeal in both sides. 
Tavis: Since you went there, i will go there and right back. How ng does hillary have to decide whether or not she is going to go in? 
>> I think she probably has two years. That is a long time. I do agree with you that if she decides to run, she will be a huge front runner. Normally, I would not say that this far out, but she has so much appeal and there is a feeling that, if she wants it, it is her turn. More than that, there is a lot of support for her. People think she has done a great job as secretary of state. My sense is that the democratic party doing back-to-back history, that is very powerful. I covered her senate campaign in new york and her presidential campaign in 2008. If you ask me one year ago, i would say, she is 69 and wants to move on. My bet is that she would be tempted to run this time. I think she will run. 

[00:04:41]


Tavis: Bill wants her to run. For what it's worth, president clinton wants her to run. That is into the future. Let me come back to the present. The debates are now over. How important do you think foreign policy will be in the last two weeks? Clearly, the issue with iran over the last few days is front and center and other issues of national importance. For the typical american voter, how much do you think foreign policy is going to matter over the next two weeks? 
>> I do not think foreign policy is that big an issue. This time, there is so much concern about the economy, unemployment. This is not, generally speaking, a big deal. The terrorist attack changes things. You will see the libya thing as romney tries to make it an issue. It does not necessarily approve to romney. President obama has gone a long way in establishing his foreign policy credentials. I think it is harder. Hypothetically, if there were a terrorist attack, the convention is among journalists is that it helps the challenger. I do not think that is the case at all. I think it makes people want to go with the safe -- 
tavis: Most times, when people are at war, they want to stick with the incumbent. They do not want to be changing horses in midstream. 
>> The election is about the economy. Do people want to trust romney? Are they willing to give another four years to barack obama? If I had been romney or the people around him, I would have never wanted foreign policy to be the last debate I wanted -- I would ha wanted it to be something else. 

[00:06:44]


Tavis: If they did not think that prior to the last debate tonight, -- let me rephrase that. If they did not think that the few -- a couple of months ago, they'd certainly thought it the last couple of months, when every time he talks about foreign poliig, he puts his ft his mouth. Whether he is seen as being too political about the libya attack, or in the previous debate, he thought he gave the president a stiff uppercut and he was wrong. I think you are right. If they knew then what they know now, they might not have wanted the last debate to be about foreign policy, but I digress. Let's move forward and consider what happened -- what happens. The polls have them in a dead heat. What happens if, on election night, there is a tie in the electoral college. It is possible. What is even more likely is that one wins the electoral college and one wins the popular vote. What is going to happen? 
>> The electoral votes dies. If it becomes a tie, I believe it goes to the house of representatives. Romney would be president. Obviously, it would not be a great thing for the country if you had to split between the general election and the electoral college. It happened before, but it could definitely happen. You could have a lot of really close states. I think it is very possible. 
Tavis: Covering this every day, why do you think this race is so close? You keep be -- we keep being told that the contrast could not be more stark between the two. Why is the race is tight? 
>> This is an extremely polarized country. A whole group of people very far to the right and a whole group of people are democratic. I think you will have a race split by a couple of points. People are really angry. The tea party on the right and the people on the left have made this a very angry, intense election. We have been having a very divided elections for the past two or three cycles. I do not see that changing any time soon. The country is becoming more polarized. 

[00:09:16]


Tavis: If president obama were to win in the tightest of tight races, what does that mean for his governance in the second term? 
>> I think it will make it harder for him to get stuff done. If he wins by a lot, he would probably have more clout with congress. I am assuming they continue to control the house. I am not sure about the senate, but the house, yes. This might be pie in the sky stuff, but after the fighting, that the republicans and democrats will come together. We have a fiscal cliff and are facing major issues. They came close to an agreement last time. Maybe they will just do it. On both sides, they have trouble. On the republican side, they have to deal with tea party people who are not giving them much at all and obama has the same problem on the left. 
Tavis: If romney were to win in a very tight election, the argument that he and paul ryan have been making is that they have a better chance of getting a budget passed. They have a better chance to make sure that sequestration becomes a word that we forget ever hearing in the first place becaus they can work better with congress. Do you buy that argument? 
>> I do not see the grounds for it. There is hardly the up -- there is always the argument that people say, I can do this and this. I am not saying that romney cannot, but let's assume that the democrats control the senate or they lose the senate and the republicans have both. Why would the democrats act any differently than republicans? If democrats have as much resistance to the kind of cuts that romney and ryan are talking about, why would democrats be any more flexible than republicans were? You can argue that democrats tend to -- 

[00:11:22]


tavis: Cave. They cave a lot easier. 
>> I was thinking roll over. I am wondering if the democrats would not do the same things to the republicans. Do not forget, mitch mcconnell in washington two years ago with the congressional correspondent at the time and he said, they made a decision early on that they were not going to give the president anything, any legislative victory at all. The argument he made to republicans was, we cannot give him a vote. If you give him a victory, you lead to reelection. He talked about it openly. Obviously, if the president loses, democrats in the senate will be remembering that. That is my guest. It will be more difficult for romney. The one thing he will have for the first 100 days, he will have the momentum, the honeymoon and all of that. I think that will be a short- lived honeymoon. 
Tavis: Let me ask you a question I seem to be talked it -- talking about with guests every night, whether or not the president, does he become more progressive, does he try to touch issues that he did not touch in the first term? Everybody is hoping and believing that hes going to go left when he gets elected. Among the black community, even people who care about progressive causes. Do you believe something will come out in the second term? 
>> For example, immigration. He did some stuff during the first four years. Not a lot. What are you thinking that you would like him to do? 
Tavis: The question is whether he will change on immigration reform. If he does not, the hispanics will go nuts. If he does not fix immigration reform, if he does not get more aggressive on the jobs front, african-americans at the top of the unemployment list, they will start to get more vocal about jobs. I could do this all night. 

[00:13:47]


>> I do not want to sound remotely defensive. Presumably, he would have liked to have more stimulus money. It would have led to have -- to us having significantly lower unemployment. There was only someh he could get out of congress. That is the reality. I think this is a good argument 
-- latino voters could provide the margin of victory for him. He will be under a lot of pressure. He will try to get something through on immigration. Republicans have changed on immigration since 2004. When george w. Bush was president, he realized the power of latino voters. He was pushing t idea of a more permissive immigration policy. The party swung to the right. Look at what happened with john mccain. That is not a tenable position long term. In the state where we are right now, across the west, where latinos are becoming more and more decisive, I do not think you can have a policy that is overly-harsh to a latino voters or immigrants. It is a slow move. You watched the primaries and you saw how much the parties embraced this tough rhetoric. Romney is paying a price for that. 
>> I could add to that list. I do not need to, but there are a number of issues that labor has been very quiet about. Particularly some of these treaties, labor agreements with other nations. There are a number of things you could put on the list, but i digress on that point. You mentioned nevada and colorado. You have been the l.A. Bureau chief for a few years now. Welcome to california and what it will feel like on election night when you feel like an afterthought because the rest of the country is important and the west does not seem to matter to most of the networks. They start calling elections and giving us poll results. You get the feeling that the rest of us have. 

[00:16:11]


>> I love california. 
Tavis: You know what it feels like. 
>> Networks calling in. When you are in new york, the campaign does not exist in california or new york unless you have a lot of money. 
Tavis: You cover this every day for the times. This year might be different. If this race is as tight as we said earlier, it could be that nevada, colorado, we end up being decisive. Tell me more. 
>> We have been talking about this in arizona, nevada -- not arizona, nevada, colorado, once upon a time new mexico, but no more. They are becoming swing states, really contested. This coming w both the president and romney are going to nevada. Only six electoral votes, but it has become a really contested state. The west is what the midwest used to be, to some extent. It is a very divided part of the country. The west used to be not so much. There was a point in this campaign were the obama people were putting people in arizona and testing whether they could put arizona in pl they decided in the end that they could not or it was not worth the investment. There are people who argue, which is not wacky say, that at some point texas will become a democratic state. 
>> With regard to nevada and colorado, what is happening that is putting them in play? 

[00:18:11]


>> Is all demographic. A big part of it is the latino vote. States are going to be more and more democratic. It is a slow move. It has gone from republican to in play. They are heading democratic. 
Tavis: Does romney have a shot at getting a significant portion of the latino vote? 
>> Bush 43 got 45% in the exit polls. I think mccain got 35%. I think that is probably romney's ceiling. Ideally, he needs to get more. How much does romney cut into obama's support? , To do latino voters think about immigration being a key issue -- how much do latino voters think about immigration being a key issue? There was a poll that showed among the general population, and I will be off by a little bit, 89% were certain they would vote. Among latino voters, it was a 10-point drop off. That is a big deal. Let's add florida to that list, too. Iowa, at one point you have got at north carolina. He is thinking, we have got to pump that turnout. 
Tavis: I agree with you. When a race is this close, turnout becomes key. In that regard, mr. Romney has momentum over the last weeks. Mr. Obama came back in the second debate and made it an interesting contest. There will be a lot of talk in the coming days about what happened tonight. My sense is tonight will have been the least-watched debate. 

[00:20:16]


>> I agree. It is foreign policy. 
Tavis: Monday night football. I raise that because I want to come to this point about tnout. Mr. Romney has been gaining steam, no doubt about it. Both of these guys have, over the course of this campaign, have admitted enthusiasm gaps. Mr. Romney has and enthusiasm gap on his right flank and mr. Obama has an enthusiasm that on his left flank. Talk about how they are closing those gaps? 
>> If obama loses, we will go back to the first debate again and again. It was devastating for a number are reasons. Not only for his flat performance and because romney made himself acceptable to voters, but he stimulated republan base voters who had not been before. People love that he went after him that way. You could see an explosion in the level of energy. That was a big deal. Enthusiasm among republican voters, including voters on the right, who are always suspicious of his positions on abortion, gay rights, gun control, they are really enthusiastic. At the same time, before he came into this election, there was not much enthusiasm for the president after the first debate. People were saying, why am i giving you money? Why am I working so hard for you if you are going to perform like that? I believe that he went a decent way in recovering with the second debate. I think a lot of his ads we are not seen because we do not live in swing states are real adds that ends with a line saying tommy -- sang, "mitt romney, he is not one of us." They are alarmed with the prospect of president obama and they're trying to get the word out there. 

[00:22:34]


Tavis: It has long been the case that he who wins ohio when it all. Do you think that applies this time around? 
>> I do think that is true. The rules of politics are always proven wrong. Learn from the past but do not stop looking to the future. Do I think that romney has to win -- romney pretty much have to win ohio to win the race. Unless there is a weird explosion that I cannot imagine, he has to. I think the president can win without winnin ohio, but it is hard. 
Tavis: A final question about george mcgovern passing. It raises the obvious conversation about liberalism then reverses liberalism now -- then versus now. 
>> It is hard to imagine george mcgovern thriving in a political atmosphere like this. He identified with too many issues that were politically problematic. I read in the new york times the obituary of him. He did a pre-obituary interview, which we tend to do. He talked a lot about this. It is worth going back and looking at it. He was as proud of his positions and really believed in them. I was refreshed by it. He was very down-to-earth. There was no one out there who is anywhe like him. No one is calling themselves a liberal anymore. 
Tavis: I am out of time but i want you to go to our web site because I want ask him about prop.32. This is the most-watched ballot measure in the entire country. If this thing passes in california, it will have a huge impact on labor unions across the country. Go on line to watch the answer to that question. That is it for tonight. Until next time, thanks for watching. Until -- as always, keep the faith. 

[00:25:00]


>> For more information on today's show, visit tavis smiley at pbs.Org. 
Tavis: Hi, I'm tavis smiley. Joining next time for a conversation with award-winning novelist t.C. Boyle. That is next time. We will see you then. 
>> There is a saying that dr. King had that said there is always the right time to do the right thing. I just try to live my life every day by doing the right thing. We know that we are only halfway to completely eliminate hunger, and we have a lot of work to do. Walmart committed $2 billion to fighting hunger in the u.S. As we work together, we can stamp hunger out. 
>> And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. 
>> Be more. Pbs. Tonight, following last night's debate about foreign policy between the two presidential candidate, we talk about the 

﻿Title: The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That! - Secret Super Digger; Pucker Up and Blow
Description: Diggery the earthworm helps Sally grow a flower for her mom; Rocky and his son, Ricky, teach Nick and Sally how to whistle.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/5/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Hi home. Viewers like you, and you, and you, and you... Ha, ha! Thanks so much you're very kind. 
?????? Hey!     What?       Come over here,       The Cat in the Hat is about to appear.       He's whizzing over to whisk you away       On a fabulous journey today.       He's coming!       And now he's arrived In the Thingamajigger       the thing that he drives       He's a Cat and he's oodles of fun       With his hairy helpers Thing Two and Thing One       Instrumental       Instrumental       It's the Cat in the Hat!       All of our adventures start like that.       Wherever you're going Where ever you're at       The Cat in the Hat Knows a lot about ...       He knows a lot about, he knows a lot about,       He knows a lot about ....THAT!    (Laughter)     ??????
(humming tunelessly) (snickers) (whispers) Hi Nick! Did my Mom see you? (whispers) Don't think so Sally, I was super sneaky! Good. Because this is my... shhhh... secret flower! Your mom will be so surprised when it's big and tall and beautiful! But right now it looks sad. Maybe it needs more water. (giggles) Getting a little wet here! Lucky I brought my umbrella. [whispers] It's the Cat! [whispers] The Cat in the Hat! (whispers) Why are we whisperin That's a secret flower for my mom. (gasp; laughs) 

[00:02:03]


Ahhhh! But Cat, our flower isn't growing very well. Hold your watering cans! I know just the person to help! Who? Who? Finola the farmer! She knows all about growing things. Can we go see her? Of course! Your mother will not mind at all if you do! Yay! (giggles) Mom, can we go to Finola's Farm to get some help for Sally's secret flower? Finola's Farm? (laugh) You cockadoodle can do! Have fun now! We can go! We can go! We can go! We can go! I know! I know! To the Thingamajigger! Yee Haw! I can't wait to play my new fiddle for Finola. 
    Well do-si-do and how-dee-how!       Hang on tight and buckle up now!    (giggles)     ??????
Flick the jiggermawhizzer! [giggles] [boing] [honk] [pop] 
  ??????
Isn't this fun? Ya-hooooooo! 
?????? Here we go, go, go, go! On an adventure.       The thingamajigger is up and away!       Go, go, go, go! On and Adventure.       We're flying with the Cat in the Hat today!       To visit Finola as she's sure to know    The very best way to make your flower grow!       Here we go, go, go, go! On an adventure.       Go, go, go, go GO!        ??????
Here we are! Finola's Farm! Weeee! Helllooo! Finola! 

[00:04:04]


Well hi-dee-ho! If it isn't my pal Cat! Hi Finola! I brought my friends, Nick and Sally along! Hi Finola! Hi Finola! I'm here too! Like my new fiddle, Finola? 
  ??????
I fiddly-diddly do, Fish! What brings you lil' grasshoppers to this corner of the cob? I'm trying to grow a secret flower. But it looks a little sad. Flap my jacks. I've got the same problem. See this beautiful, healthy corn? Now, look at those corn stalks yonder? They just ain't growin' right. Like my flower. The only one who can help my corn is... Diggery the Secret Super Digger! Who's Diggery? Only the most important worker on the whole farm! Diggery! Oh, Diggery! Yoo-hoo! 
  ??????
Have no fear Diggery The Secret Super Digger's here! He's a worm! A super-duper worm! Diggery! This slow-poke corn just ain't growin' right! Want me to do some digging? Sure do. What do you dig with? I don't see a shovel. Heh - I use my mouth of course! (eating sound) Cool! Eugh! Do not do it, do not eat dirt! It's sure to make your stomach hurt. But it's okay for worms. Mmmm! Secret super diggers love dirt! Can you take my friends along and show them what you do? Enh - They're a little big for my line of secret super work. Not for long! 
  ??????
Hey Nick, flip the thrilla-ma-driller! (laughs) [honk] Ya-hoooo! - Yay! 
  ??????
Sally, press the shrinkamadoodle! 

[00:06:04]


(laughs) 
  ??????
Follow that worm! (gasp) I saw him going down that worm hole! Let's go! 
  ??????
(gasp) There he is! (eating sounds) Diggery! We're right behind you! Hold up! ROCKS! (Big gasp) That rock's blocking the way. He'll never dig through it! But Diggery can go under it. Follow me! 
  ??????
Awesome! Yes! Wow! This tunnel is much wider. It's not just us worms underground. Moles are super diggers too. This is one of their tunnels. Here we are super diggers - slow-poke corn overhead! Wow! Are those roots? They sure are! Plants have roots - they're a little like feet, They need these "feet" to drink and eat! But these roots feel really dry. Maybe the roots aren't getting enough water. It could be! Finola's slow-poke corn needs food and drink right now. Time to get digging! (eating sounds) A Tunnel gets a worm from here to there, It also gives corn more water and air! I get it! Diggery's tunnels let water and air down to the corn's roots. Mmmm. This is a big job - even for a secret super digger like me. We'll help! Ah ha! We can use these! 
 Yee haawwww!    

[00:08:17]


 ??????
Wooooo! (laughs) Weeeeeeeeeeee! [happy sounds] - Awesome! Cool! Where did all that water come from? Finola's watering her corn! And our tunnels helped the water get to the roots! 

﻿Title: The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That! - Secret Super Digger; Pucker Up and Blow
Description: Diggery the earthworm helps Sally grow a flower for her mom; Rocky and his son, Ricky, teach Nick and Sally how to whistle.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 9/5/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Ewwww. Ewwww to you! But compost's mighty yummy to plants! It will make Finola's slowpoke corn grow up big and beautiful! Give me a meal - vegetables, plants, paper, anything - and I'll turn it into compost. So we need to find Diggery stuff to eat... Like a worm restaurant! A restaurant for worms - a classy venue, Who better to build it than Thing One and Thing Two? [whistles] Hello! 
 Yummy!    Ouch!     ??????
That's what I call a great worm restaurant. Hmm...Mind if I beat the rush? Mmmmmm! Rotten tomatoes! (eating noises) Look! More worms! And they all make compost to help the corn grow! We must tell Finola. Hi-diddly-ho! Diggery dug tunnels to get air and water to th roots of your corn. And now he and his friends are making compost. But the corn looks just the same! It takes time for Diggery to make the compost and some more time before the compost helps the corn... ...but soon it'll be as good as these beauties. Can Diggery come to our back yard and help us? You look around and I reckon you'll find some secret super diggers of your own. Just give them a good feed. Then they'll dig tunnels and make compost! And you'll have the happiest of flowers! 
 

[00:02:02]


   The earthworm digs, way down below       Now watch this corn field...       Grow! Grow! Grow!         Compost helps the corn to grow,       We say Diggery... Go! Go! Go!        ??????
Wherever there's soil in need, worms will be there! [all together] Hooray! Bye Finola! Bye Diggery! Y'all come back now, y'hear! Bye! [honk honk] 
  ??????
Hey! I see a worm! Hi, little worm. Can you, please, help my flower's roots get more water and air. And make plenty of compost too! Let's find some food for it to eat! I have it here - a bin full of rotten fruit and old leaves. Our own restaurant for worms! Oh Worms! Come and get it! Shhh, it's still a secret flower for my mom. Here come your super secret diggers! 
    Dig those tunnels!      Down below!       Super diggers go, go, go!    (giggles)     ??????
<Brrrr....shivers> <Panicked scream, effort grunts> 
  ??????
<Panicked and effort noises> <Panic and effort noises> 
  ??????
<Uh oh!> <Laughs, frolicking noises> Hi, my friend squirrel is getting ready for winter. To do that, he stores lots of food in his home. Oh, an acorn. Now where was I? Whatkindof food do squirrels store in their homes? 

[00:04:06]


Did you say acorns? Well you're right! Squirrels store acorns and other nuts for the winter. You got it this time, but next time I'll stump you for sure! 
  ??????
[whistling] (gasp) [whistling] Wow! Listen to that WHISTLE! Oh, that's the mailman. He always whistles such a nice tune. Morning! Your mail, ma'am. Thank you! [whistling] I sure wish I could whistle like that. Me too! (laughs) [whistles] Hey! It's the CAT! (laughs) The CAT in the HAT! (giggles) The WHISTLING Cat in the Hat! We were just saying how we'd like to learn how to whistle. Well, why don't you give it a try. Brrrrr. (laughs) I LOVE that Brrrr sound! Brrrr, Brrr! Yeah, but it's not a whistle. Well, if you want to whistle really loudly, then you put your fingers in your mouth like This! [whistles loudly] - Whoah! That IS a loud whistle, Cat. But we want to whistle A TUNE! Oh, a TUNE! If you want to whistle a TUNE you have to make a special face. I call it, the pucker up and BLOW face! Ooooooo... - Ooooo... Oooo. Nice puckers, now BLOW! Ffffff! It's STILL not working! Hmmm. You're right. Ah, maybe we should talk to my friend Rocky Wren. Isn't a wren a kind of a bird? It sure is. Rocky lives in the fields beside the Ling-a-Ding Forest and he knows the secret of a really good whistle. Can we go and see him? - Yes! 

[00:06:06]


Your mother will not mind at all if you do. (giggles) Mom! Can Nick and I go with the Cat to visit Rocky Wren so he can teach us to whistle! Sure! Oh, maybe he'll teach you to deliver the mail too. - (laughs) We can go! We can go! We can go! We can go! I know! I know! To the Thinga-ma-jigger! 
  ??????
Buckle up! [honk] 
  ??????
Flick the jiggermawhizzer! [giggles] [boing] [honk] [pop] 
  ??????
Isn't this fun? Ya-hooooooo! 
?????? Here we go, go, go go! On an adventure.       The thingamajigger is up and away!       Go, go, go, go! On and Adventure.       We're flying with the Cat in the Hat today!       I've said it before and I'll say it again.       No one can whistle like Rocky the Wren.       Here we go, go, go, go! On an adventure.       Go, go, go, go GO!        ??????
Here we are! The meadow beside Ling-a-Ding Forest! Let's go find Rocky! [birds chirping, singing] Wow! Listen to all the BIRDS! What beautiful whistles! [birds singing] Well, they're all beautiful bird whistles, but they aren't Rocky Wren. Rocky Wren? Did you say you were looking for...ROCKY Wren? We sure ARE! He's going to help us to learn how to whistle. May I ask, do you know him? He's my DAD! I'm RICKY Wren! Ah, small world huh? Nice to meet ya, Ricky. I'm a friend of your Dad's - the Cat in the Hat! Hi Cat! And this is Sally, and Nick. Hi Sally and Nick! If Rocky is your Dad, you must be a wren 

[00:08:06]


too. Can YOU teach us to whistle? Oh, no, no-no-no, I'm too little, I'm just a beginner myself. [quiet chirps] Oooh! Pretty! Yeah, but that's nothing compared to my... [bird whistles] (gasp) That's HIM! That's my DAD! Come on! I'll take you to him! We'll be back soon Fish. Okay! Ahhhh...I could listen to this all day. [birds chirping, whistling] What's that? (gasp) It's a wren! Really? That doesn't sound like a wren's song. We have different calls for different reasons. And that bird needs help. Let's go. 
  ??????
[bird chirping] [panting] [chirping] Uh-oh. This mother bird has lost one of her babies. Yes! He fell from the tree and I can't find him anywhere. (gasp) Oh, my! You should just call him. That's what MY mother always does. I HAVE been calling but, I can't hear him answer because my OTHER babies are making so much NOISE! Wait a minute. Our mothers always say not to talk with our mouths full, rht? So if we FEED the other babies... ...they'll stop making so much NOISE! That's IT! But...uh...what do baby wrens eat? Bugs and grubs! Bugs and grubs! Well, why didn't you say so! I just happen to have a whole HATFUL! Come on Mama, you can feed all THESE to your babies. 
  ??????
[quiet chirp] I hearomething! Shhh! [quiet chirp] 

[00:10:08]


It's the lost baby bird! 
  ??????
I see him! He's down in there! [chirping] Aww, how Cu-UTE! Oh! You've found my baby! But how will I get him back into the nest? He's too small to fly! And we can't reach that high. Hmmm...(gasp) ...I've GOT it! [whistles] [honk honk] Huh! What is THAT noise! Sounds like Thing one and Thing two. They'll know what to do! Hello! Alright boys! Let's get that baby bird back into the nest. 
  ??????
Slowly. Carefully. 
  ??????
Hooray! Yes! Ooooh, THANK YOUOOO! [chirping] (fail whistle then clearly whistles a single note.) (happy gasp) (failed whistle then clearly whistles a single note.) (giggle) - Nick, Sally! You did it! I know! I just puckered up and... [bird whistling] (gasp) Wait! I hear Rocky! Yep! That's my Dad! Wow. What a song! Come on! I'll take ya to him! 
  ??????
Whoooa! You can see EVERYTHING from up here. Dad always likes to sit up high when he sings so everyone in the valley can hear him. [bird siging] 

[00:12:10]


Dad! Ricky, my boy! What are you doing way up here? I brought some friends to meet you! The Cat in the HAT! Rocky, my old whistling buddy! How are ya, this is Sally and this is Nick. Hi Rocky. Hi! Hi! Sally and Nick wanna learn the secret of a great whistle. Ah, well I can't blame you for that. There's nothing like whistling a really nice tune! [whistles birdsong] That's incredible. So many sounds! It's a special wren tune. Only the wrens that live in this valley know it. Really? That's right. We teach it from father to son. Right, Ricky? Right, Dad! Well, we know we can't do the wren's song like you, Rocky. But, can you help us learn how to whistle a tune? So far we all we can ... (Sally whistles her ONE CLEAR NOTE) (Nick whistles his ONE CLEAR NOTE.) Well, sure I can help you. But I've been watching you from up here all morning and it seems to me you already KNOW the secret. We do? What IS it? Weat did y do after you rescued the baby (gasp) WE WHISTLED! That's the secret! Whistling over and over again! Oh, you mean PRACTICE! Practice? Well why didn't you say so! [tries to whistle] Right! Practice! That IS the secret! (laugh) I was having so mh fun I forgot! (raspberry sound, then clearly whistles his One single note.) (happy gasp) I did it. Wadda whistle! Whoo-hoo! - Hooray! Yeah! A whistling Cat, now how about THAT! Now we can all whistle! (whistles his one note) (whistles his one note) (whistles her one note) Yay! - Yay! Wow! You guys sound fantastic! (chuckle) They sure do. Come on! We have to get home so I can show my mom my new WHISTLE! [whistles] Oh, but thanks so much for teaching us the secret! 

[00:14:11]


You actually taught yourself. Got it! Bye Rocky. - See ya Ricky. Good-bye. - See you soon. [chirping] Whistling is tricky, it takes time to do, But if you stick with it then you'll whistle too. Wrens make lots of noises when something is wrong, But there's nothing as sweet as their whistling song. 
  ??????
What an awesome day! We ALL learned to whistle. Yeah, but I still can't whistle a tune yet. Wait a minute. I have an idea. Come over here. I'll conduct you and we'll make a tune. 
?????? [whistling]   ??????
Yes! We whistled! We DID it! (laughing) Welcome to Hat Chat. Sure is ch-ch-chilly here in Antarctica. ...but we had to come here to interview our friend the Penguin! Meet my son Junior. Hi! Hi! How do you stay warm? We have a thick layer of fat under our skin... and special feathers that overlap. You mean like THIS!? Right! Our feathers are covered in special oil to make us waterproof and windproof! Hey, what are those penguins doing? When it gets really cold we huddle together. The heat from all our bodies helps us keep each other warm. Hey! Where did Junior go? Under DAD! I just stay under here, nice and warm, and if Dad needs to go somewhere, he carries me. Wheeeeeee! By-bye! Bye, Bye! That's a wrap with our friends the penguins! 

[00:16:12]


Bye everybody! 
    The busy bee flies fast and low       Flower to flower watch her go       Landing on the plants below       She helps to make the flowers... ...grow.       And everywhere she lands, buzzing to and fro       The busy bee is moving spreading pollen as she goes       Everywhere she lands, buzzing to and fro       The busy bee is helping all the plants and flowers grow!       In the flower's center there is a little wick       The pollen coats the surface, it's fluffy and it's thick       When the bee gets closer, its body makes it stick       When it moves from plant to plant,       ahh that's what does the trick       (buzzing instrumental)       And everywhere she lands, buzzing to and fro       The busy bee is moving spreading pollen as shgoes       The busy bee is helping all the plants and flowers grow!     ??????
Come journey with me, to the Arctic we'll go. It's a very cold place that's mostly all snow! But critters do live here, surrounded by ice And they're perfectly happy, they find it quite nice! How do they keep from all going brrrrrrr? Well, the seals all have blubber And the bears all have fur. Here in the desert, it's hot, dry and sandy and having some water would sure come in handy! Critters do live here lizard and snake. They sleep when it's hot, and at night... ... They awake. The Arctic has snow The desert has sand And each one is really a beautiful land So Cat will repeat, just in case you forgot The Arctic is cold and the desert is hot. 

[00:18:13]


Hi E Announcer: It's "super why!" Super Why: We're the super readers! Red: Let's roll. Spell with me! Let's give ourselves a big thumbs-up. Announcer: "Super y!" Weekdays on pbs kids or watch anytime you want at pbskids.Org. is by: days adventure. Pbs is committed to the development of children in a creative and inspirational way. And pottery barn kids is proud to sponsor their efforts to encourage exploration and discovery. Together, we're creating a happier, healthier home. Viewers like you, and you, and you, and you... Ha, ha! Thanks so much you're very kind. 
  ??????
Psst. Hey kids, do you want to find out more stuff about animals, plants and well fish? Go to: Pbskids.Org for fun games, fascinating facts, and fintastic activities. Ha, ha, ha, ha. 
 

[00:20:49]


 ??????
(George chattering excitedly) This program was made possible by: 
     ??????
[ Female Announcer ] FUN FOR EVERYONE MAKES A family strong. Chu. Cheese's proudly supports pbs kids. 

﻿Title: The Chew
Description: Cookie Monster; how Snickers are made.
Channel: 6 - WPVIDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================



﻿Title: The Colbert Report - John Grisham
Description: Author John Grisham.
Channel: 249 - COMEDY
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:31:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

( Theme song playing) 
( cheers and applause) 
(audience chanting "stephen") 
>> Stephen: Welcome to the "report." Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us in here out there. I'm sure you can tell by that chanting this crowd has gotten c oshslbmentum. 
(Laughter) ladies and gentlemen, last night was the third and final presidential debate. It threw much-need attention to two key domestic issues, "monday night football" and the national league championship. 
(Laughter) as you remember, folks, the first debate was a blowout win for romney. The second debate-- also happened. 
(Laughter) so let's get the truth of night three in "stephen colbert's debate 2012 coverage." Two men, one wheel. Who gets to drive us over the cliff? 
(Laughter) 
(cheers and applause) 
(cheers and applause) these people are huge fans of buick. 
(Laughter) I was so excited because last night was officially the foreign policy debate. Unfortunately-- and I do not know this-- that means you have to talk about a lot of other stupid countries. 

[00:02:06]


(Laughter) and this being boca raton, florida, they hit all the important ones. 
>> Israel is a true friend, it is our greatest ally in the region. 
>> Israel. Our closest friend in the region. 
>> They have to abide by their treaty with israel. 
>> Our ally israel. 
>> Our bond w israel. 
>> Israel. 
>> Israel. 
>> Israel. 
>> Israel. 
>> Israel. 
>> Israel. 
(Laughter) 
>> Stephen: I was playing a drinking game last night where i took a shot of manischewitz every time -- 
(cheers and applause) every time someone said "israel" and by the end of the debate i was totally diabetic. (Laughter) but, folks, this wasn't just about israel it was also about countries that pose a threat to israel. A threat that obama has done nothing to stop. 
>> We're four years closer to a nuclear iran. We're four years closer to a nuclear iran. 
>> Yes. Four years after obam was elected, four whole years have passed. 
(Laughter) the president did nothing to stop the march of time 
(laughter) not only is iran four years closer to a nuclear bomb, if you think about it, everybody is. Even me! 
(Cheers and applause) admittedly, I'm still far away. The mentos and diet coke stage. But still. 
(Laughter) and, folks, mitt laid out his prosecution of the president's weak leadership. 
>> Four years ago the president began what I called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. 
>> Nothing governor romney just said is true. 
>> Yes it is! 
(Laughter) you apologized. Not only that, you bowed to leaders all over the world! That is not presidential! F.D.R. Never bowed to foreign leaders. 

[00:04:17]


(Laughter) he never even stood for them! 
(Laughter) but obama -- 
(cheers and applause) 
-- obama, obama will bow to anyone! Hell, after the debate he bowed to romney's grandson! 
(Laughter) and, folks, great points by romney but it's not just what romney said it's the way he didn't say it. 
>> The president had a very intent look on his face. I wouldn't describe it as a mean look, I would describe it as a man looking for opportunities to strike. 
>> Governor romney, it seemed to me, had this kind of benign default expression in which he appears to be interested most of the time, he has a slight smile on his face but not a smug one. I wonder if hi his was not the more attractive default expression. 
(Laughter) 
>> Stephen: Yes! Romney's face totally kicked obama's face's ass. 
(Laughter) jimmy, put up romney's default expression. See? See? That's nice. That reminds me of a benevolent angel watching me shower. 
(Laughter) hi! 
(Laughter) that guy can watch me all day. And, of course, of course, of course mitt was sming! Because he knows he nailed it. 
>> Governor romney did do what he needed to do which was to present himself as a very plausible commander-in-chief. 
>> Mitt romney had a job tonight and that was to come across as a plausible commander-in-chief. 
>> Romney simply needing to show that, you know, he's a plausible president. 
>> And he achieved plausible. 
(Laughter) milions of americans looked at mitt romney last night and said "he looks like he could sit in an oval room." 
(Laughter) plausibility is a huge victory for romney because this race is neck and neck. 
>> We've seen this latest poll out of the nbc and "wall street journal." 47/47, pretty much corresponds with what we're seeing out there. An absolute dead heat. 

[00:06:18]


>> Stephen: As we know from history, the rules clearly dictate that in the event of a tie our next president will be george w. Bush. 
(Cheers and applause) we miss you, sir. We miss you. But at this point, either candidate still has a shot as long as they can win over one key demographic. 
>> President obama and governor rney faced off. Many polls showing them running neck in neck, making the remaining undecid voters more important than ever. 
>> The undecided voters. The voters in the swing states who could decide this election. 
>> Mitt romney and barack obama yearn for their vote, the elusive mysterious undecided voter. 
(Laughter) 
>> Stephen: Yes, they yearn. 
(Cheers and applause) yes. Elusive, mysterious undecided voters. I wonder what he's thinking. 
(Laughter) or if. 
(Laughter) folks, folks, here's how it stands. The electoral kitchen is closing in two weeks and they still can't decide if they want the black-and-white cookie or the decaf wheat thin. 
(Laughter) they're elusive! But we know that they're out there! These campaigns have spent billions of dollars trying to capture them with lawn signs, t.V. Ads, radio spots, internet banners, robocalls and, for some lucky ohio voters, an amorous david axelrod with a rose in his teeth. 
(Laughter) but a few and the liesing facts about these mysterious creatures have emerged. 
>> Undecided voter they say typically a single white female between 18 and 29 years old, she has a job with a low income, she did not graduate from college. According to this poll she skipped watching the debate. 
>> Stephen: Fascinating. The person who will decide this race is a likely voter who is a young woman with low income and low education who is also isolated from any news. 

[00:08:20]


(Laughter) well, ladies and gentlemen, tonight I have found one such voter. From the swing state of north carolina, undecided voter nell. Thank you for joining me, nell. 
(Laughter and applause) thank you so much. Now, nell, nell, you are a feral back-woods woman who knows nothing of either of these candidates or, for that matter, human society. 
(Laughter) which way are you leaning now? 
>> Rom-a-nay. Mitt rom-a-nay! 
>> Stephen: Okay, so you're leaning romney at this point. What it is about romney's message that-- and, again, you know nothing about him-- that appeals to you. Obarma. Baracka obarma. 
>> Stephen: I'm sorry, did you say obama? Are you ready to do for more years? >>'M like-a-lay. Like-a-lay. 
>> Stephen: I'm aware of that. You are a likely voter. We've established that much. But which candidate are you like-a-lay to vote for? 
(Laughter) 
>> santor-um. 
>> Stephen: Rick santorum is not in the race any more! Just make up your mind! Come on! Is it romney or obama? 
>> Rom-bama-ney rom-bama-ney. 
>> Stephen: We'll be right back.Ixpa+rp( OXV(QP$ii??0,,??8i8iXHv[6m2m2]fF,Xp"q"q"q" $!#$!,!,!$ 

[00:12:35]


>> Stephen: Welcome back, everybody, thanks so much. Thanks, folks! Nation, there is no bigger fan of the sport of cycling than yours truly. 
(Laughter) 
I love every part of it: The wheels, the kick stand, the little bell. Of course, my hero is seven-time tour de france winner and friend of the show lance armstrong. A pioneer in the sport he was, of course, the first man to ride his bike on the moon. 
(Laughter) that's one small pair of shorts far man, one giant bulge for makind. 
(Laughter) of course, all that is ruined now because the u.S. Anti-doping agency is accused armstrong of leading a massive doping program throughout his career. I don't understand why they're coming down on lance r doping! Of course you need drugs to compete in a multiweek bicycle race! You need drugs just to watch one! 
(Laughter) and now my friend lance has received the hhest punishment in the history of cycling. 
>> Cycling's international governing body stripped lance armstrong of his seven tour de france titles and banned him for life from the sport. 
>> Stephen: So what are they going to do to the titles now, give them to the runners up? Oh, I'm sure they weren't doping. They finished second behind a guy who rocketed up mountain sides with powdered monkey nut injected into his heart. 
(Laughter) yeah, these guys are clean, no doubt. Squeaky. 
(Laughter) but, folks, losing his seven titles is not the worst news for lance. 
>> Experts estimate lance armstrong might lose up to $200 million now that his big sponsors have dropped out-- nike radio shack, trek. 
>> Stephen: That's $199,999,997 from nike and trek and a pair of a.A.A. Batteries from radio shack. 

[00:14:38]


(Laughter) now folks, this scandal has also affected lance's cancer charity livestrong known for their yellow bracelets. So lance is doing the right thing. 
>> Lance armstrong is stepping down as chairman of his livestrong cancer-fighting charity. He says he wants to step down as a result to limit the damage from the doping scandal involving him. 
>> He had no choice. Everything he touches now is tainted and he doesn't want to soil the good name of cancer. 
(Laughter) so he's distancing himself -- 
(laughter) he's got to do it. So he's distancing himself from the organization by stepping down as chairman and merely remaining on the board as, you know, I was so inspired by lance arm strong's live strong that i started my own rubber bracelet charity wristrong to raise awareness of wrist--- wrist-related injuries. All too common. It's glorified by hollywood. Glorified. By the way -- right here, folks. By the way, you can still purchase wristrong brong BRACELETS AT colbertnation.com, All proceeds go to the yellow ribbon fund that supports the families of wounded troops at walter reed and the fort belvoir community hospital. And, folks -- 
(cheers and applause) folks, it pains me to say this but, like lance, there's also a scandal surrounding me and my charity. In the same way that lance won seven consecutive tour de france I have won my show for seven consecutive years. 
(Laughter) unprecedented in the history of "the colbert report." 
(Cheers and applause) sadly, sadly these repeated victories have led to accusations that anybody showing this much sack for that long must be ball doping. And, folks, frankly, I've just grown weary of these charges. Are my balls big? Yes. When I fly do I need to buy two extra seats? Sure. But it's all natural. So you may ask steven, why aren't you fighting these charges? Because I don't want to drag america through my ball scandal! 

[00:17:09]


(Laughter) or scandalize america by dragging my balls through it! It's a real problem. That's why I don't wear wide-legged pants. Or ride escalators anymore. That is also why -- true. Dangerous. That is also why effective today I am stepping down as chairman of the wristrong foundation. 
(Boos) I have to do this. I have to do this. We haven't spoken but I trust my balls will also be stepping down. At least descending. There it is. And though I will no longer be chairman, I will be staying on the board which has no other members but me. So I am proud to announce that starting today I will be serving as interim chairman of the wristrong foundation. 
(Cheers and applause) now, folks -- now, folks, -- 
(cheers and applause) I'm sure a lot of people out there are saying will this scandal follow me? Yes, the same way my balls follow me in a motorized side car I use on the weekends. I'm tired. 
(Laughter) as it is all the titles I have learned in the last seven years, the reverend sir dr. Stephen t. Mos def heavyweight champion of the world I will retain but they will now have to add an asterisk you know what, make that two. No, jimmy, make them bigger. There you go. 
(Cheers and applause) we'll be right back. 
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE),X+ c4-X!??!??!??rG,X-XH0d(#TKiD D s!@??0%0%$m$me)@ 

[00:22:53]


(cheers and applause) 
>> Stephen: Welcome back! My guest tonight is the author of such best sealing legal thrillers as "the firm." I can't wait for this interview to be adapted into a movie. Please welcome john grisham. 
(Cheers and applause) hey, good to see you, john! Thank you for coming back! All right. Good to see you again. It's been about five years. How many books have you cranked out in those last five years. 
>> At least 12. 
>> Stephen:12 books? You and stephen king, do you have a contest going on or something like that? Who can -- do you ever call him up and go "4,500 words today beyoch." 
>> No, but he'll call me up and say this is 48, you only have 30. But he got published earlier than I did. 
>> Stephen: Would you go back to being a lawyer? 
>> Never. 
>> Stephen: Why not? 
>> I was starving. 
>> Stephen: You must have sucked as a lawyer! 
(Laughter) 
>> I had a lot of clients in prison. 
>> Stephen: Okay, this is one of the things I don't like about you, okay? You've got a new book here called "racketeer" all right? Sure it's a great book. 
>> It's brilliant. 
(Laughter) 
>> Stephen: The dust cover is gripping so far. But in a lot of your books it's like these things are trojan horses to get me to like these liberal causes like homelessness or the death penalty and a lot of times the bad guy is some corporate dude. Are you anti-corporate america? 
>> Not completely. 
>> Stephen: Uh-huh. Some of them! There's some good ones! 
>> There are a lot of good corporations. 
>> Stephen: What's wrong with homelessness? 
>> Are you attacking homeless people? 
>> Stephen: Only when they ask for things from a the government. That is my money, I worked hard for the money and I don't see why it should go to some bum who can't get off his ass and write a best-selling novel. 

[00:24:57]


(Laughter and applause) or host a television show! 
(Cheers and applause) now the book itself is about a bunch of judges that get killed, right? 
>> Just one. 
>> Stephen: Just one judge? 
>> Only two dead bodies which is kind of light for me. 
(Laughter) 
>> Stephen: Really? Off day? 
>> Yeah, yeah. 
>> Stephen: Killing a judge in a book, is that fan fiction for you? 
>> Sure. 
>> Stephen: Is that fantasy fiction? 
>> Every lawyer wants to do that I felt that way when I was a lawyer, there were a bunch i wanted to kill. 
(Laughter) 
>> Stephen: People say write about what you what you know -- 
(laughter) john grisham, is there something you're trying to tell us? 
(Cheers and applause) you don't have to tell me what it is but are there any things that you've done that are illegal that you would want a better lawyer than you defending you? 
(Laughter) 
>> I can't think of anything I've done that's, like, really illegal. Maybe some speeding, going over 55 miles an hour, something like that. A little mini income tax cheating. Not admitting anything but maybe maybe. 
>> Stephen: That's okay. Tell us about the nblg tax. 
>> A little bit. 
>> Stephen: The i.R.S. Has a great sense of humor. 
(Laughter) 
>> oh, they've got a file on me, yeah. 
>> Stephen: Do you think so? 
>> We've had issues over the years. 
>> Stephen: Have you ever done a foya request on yourself? 
>> A what? 
>> Stephen: Foya request? 
>> Oh, freedom of information? 
>> Stephen: Do I know more about the law than you do? Is that what that is? 
(Laughter) foye ya. Have you ever thought about writing something other than lawyers? Have you written books about anything other than lawyers? 
>> I've written a couple books about football, a book about baseball, a book about -- a couple comic novel bus I always come back to the law, that's whey what I know. I couldn't write about architects or dentists or anything you know. They wouldn't sell. People love stories about lawyers, especially crooked lawyers and dead judges. This stuff sells. 

[00:27:07]


(Laughter) it sells. 
(Cheers and applause) 
>> Stephen: You've got to go with what you know. John grisham, thank you so much for joining me. 
(Cheers and applause) the book is "the racketeer" john GRe0F]0193#1,eK,IkII# 

[00:29:37]


(Cheers and applause) 
>> Stephen: That's it for the "report," everybody. Good night! 
(Cheers and applause) 

﻿Title: The Cycle
Description: A live, one-hour ensemble opinion show features conservative commentator S.E. Cupp, author and pundit Tour??, Salon writer Steve Kornacki, and former congressional candidate Krystal Ball.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 6/25/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Win. N that first one, but we'll let both sides make their case live this hour. 
>> I have a form invitation for all you undecided voters. Rsvp to "the cycle" on october 23rd, 2012. 
>>> The debates are done, and now the question is where do we go from here? We know one thing for sure. The cdidatesda are now in a two-week sprint to decision day 2012. The president began him by unveiling this magic book in florida. A repaj kajing of his plans. 
>> In this this campaign I've laid out a plan for jobs and middle class security. Unlike mitt romney I'm actually proud to talk about what's in it. By the way, the math in my plan adds up. Folks who are still not convinced can look right here and find out what it is I intend to do in a second term. 
>> I want to get my hands on that magic book. From there it's off to ohio for another rally in 45 minutes. We're there and have the president hopefully before the show is over. As for mitt romney, in about 15 minutes he and paul ryan will begin kicking off their sprint in nevada, and we'll have coverage live with the governor speaks. Back to the debate last night. An orc snap poll put the president winning the debate 48% to 40%. When you ask about able to be commander in chief come out about even. This comes from friend of show matt miller in the "washington post." Mat writes, I don't get it. Maybe it's me. For all the momentum romney's shown in recent weeks, I thought he still needed to shake thinging up in order to win. This was the last chance he had. He obviously didn't think he needed to. Matt joins us now. Matt, you've had a night to sleep on this. Are you still confus? 

[00:02:06]


>> I'm a little clearer. I was so stunned last night, s.E., Because I really assumed he wouldn't be appearing like he was the incumbent and obama would act as the challenger. As I slept on and talk to republican strategists today, i think they think they're ahead. He was like someone ahead trying to do no harm, and I think he accomplished what he set out to do, which was establish that he had a presidential temperament and stature to be commander in chief, which the early reaction showed. Fair-minded observers would say he hit that mark. He also wanted to takway the ability of the president in his closing arguments these next two weeks to cast romney as a warmonger, and I think he did that. I'm told they wanted to not scare women and turn it to the economy whenever they could, and he did all that. So I'm actually from obama's point of view very anxious a day after. It also suggests that kind of prevent/defend strategy shows how confident they were last night. 
>> Matt, does romney seem competent as command ner chief when he continually is hugging the president's positions and saying I agree, I agree, I agree and I was no substantive critique of your foreign policy? 
>> I think the short answer yes, is that won't please many progressives who know he flip-flopped light. For those who started to tune in to the debates recently, and i think that has broad appeal. I think it does meeted hurdle, and the democrats won't cast him as having flip-flopped around on the issues. They have to make a much deeper critique of the house republican agenda that he be bringing with him into the white house if they're going to really close the deal in the next couple weeks. 
>> Matt, this was the foreign policy-specific debate last night, and by my count it was 27 minutes before the candidates decided to talk about domestic policy instead. It seemed like a constant battle between the classification of the debate and basic gravity, which was trending towards a domestic debate. We talked about this on the show before. This is a weird binary distinction between domestic and foreign. A lot of issues overlap. I wonder if the experience of watching that debate last night you think going forward for 2016, have we seen the last finally of the foreign policy-specific debate? Can we debate every issue at once? 

[00:04:43]


>> It's a great question. I think you can make a case, obviously, as you say, that in a globalized world where economic and social and all these issues from climate change to trade to jobs are all internationally intertwined you don't need that category. Whatever title gets slapped on the debates going forward, they will use it for whatever suits the particular vote getting purposes that night live. So I do think there's a case for abolishing the category per se. I thought for example in the martha raddatz one, it felt off-key to me because of her comfort zone and her expertise to spend eight minutes on syria that night and not a word on american schools. So I do think we need to keep trying to refine these. 
>> I agree with you. I mentioned yesterday I think libya and iran were probe the most talked about topics in this presidential election debate season, when clearly not at the top of mine share for what voters are looking at. I wanted to turn to another topic you wrote about, matt, which is joe biden's friend, paul ryan. I've actually been hearing from a fair number of moderate republicans that they're uncomfortable with paul ryan on the ticket. They think mitt romney's decision to put him on the ticket was poor judgment. They're unsure he's ready to be commander in chief, and one of the criticisms we heard a little bit last night was how weak romney is in terms of his experience on foreign policy and the fact that paul ryan also has no experience on foreign policy. Has the president's team done enough to talk about legitimate concerns that voters have about paul ryan, his inexperience and his extreme positions on things like his budget? 
>> I think those are all fair and important points, krystal. Ryan doesn't look like someone highly competent day one to step into the commander in chief's role. Having said that, I don't think most voters decide based on that. The real shocker to me about the ryan presence on the ticket is that in the nbc poll that came out the day before yesterday, romney -- the romney ticket is leading obama with senior citizens by 60 to 35. Even though ryan put the medicare issue, the social security issue front and center for the democrats in ways that they usually want it, when it comes down to the last -- the homestretch of a race, romney's wiping the floor with seniors right now. I think that's going to provoke some real soul-searching among democrats when we see how the dust clears from this election. 

[00:07:22]


>> You were sounds decidedly bearish on obama's chances in two weeks. 
>> I'm very nervous about last night and the way it's going this morning. I don't pretend to be a guru on the get out the vote effort in ohio, but for the president's sake I hope it's world class. 
>> Thanks for coming in. 
>> Sure. 
>> Let's quickly, state of the race? Where does everyone think this is a day after the debate? I'll go ahead and agree with cnn's john king this morning who said the trend line is moving in romney's direction. He's better off this morning than he was the day before the first debate. I think that's probably true. Then again, two weeks I know this is cliche, two weeks in a long time and actually a lot can happen in 14 days before the election. So we'll see if that momentum keeps going. 
>> We still have donald trump's big reveal. 
>> Thanks for reminding me. I would never make this decision without hearing what donald has to say about it first. 
>> I would put a finer point on what you just said. Yes, romney is in better shape today than he was before the first debate, but I don't think 

﻿Title: The Cycle
Description: A live, one-hour ensemble opinion show features conservative commentator S.E. Cupp, author and pundit Tour??, Salon writer Steve Kornacki, and former congressional candidate Krystal Ball.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 3:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 6/25/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Rg. It's not a huge margin but sfashl in the context of a very close race. We can explain in disconnect and we can put it up on thescreen. Let's compare regionally the breakdown of the vote between OBAMA and McCain. Look at this now. In the east a big obama win and in the midwest a solid win, solid win in the west and dead even in the sout let's look ar the most recent gallup data. He's dropping in the east, about the same in the midwest and not quite the same in the west. Look at the south. They say obamafobia has gone through the roof in the reddest of the red portion of the country. I wonder if this is artificially inflating romney's national number to make it look closer than it is in the swing states. 
>> Who said na? I haven't heard anybody else make this point on this show yet. 
>> What? I told you that two weeks. 
>> What? 
>> What? 
>> I agree with the bill yant steve kornacki's insightful and original analysis. I do think there's a decent chance that romney is going to win the popular vote and the president is to win the electoral college. He still has many more phs to victory. It does look like it's likely to come down to ohio. Nate silver was writing about that today. I want to disagree a bit with matt miller's analysis just now. I don't think the president could have donnie better than he did in last night's debate. I thought he got stronger each debate. He was crisp and confide and knew what he was talking about. He was very clear. And romney, I agree with matt that he really came in trying not to scare people. I think the lasting image i think is that he felt unsure and uncomfortable and uncertain, and the line that the president kept repeating is he's all over the map. You need to be clear, if you're going to be a leader. I think that is something that resonates with swing voters. Look, I don't think it's going to radically shift things, but i do think to your point the momentum that already slowed down I think could move now a bit more in the president's direction. 

[00:02:07]


>> We're in a skin-tight race, d I agree. The numbers in the south artificially romney's national number. Obviously we come down to ohio, ohio, ohio where obama has a slight lead. He has a slight lead in several other key batyeground states. 
>> I think it's going to come down to hawaii. 
>> Maybe. Or new hampshire. 
>> Washington, d.C. 
>> We're talking about a battle between economic competence and likability. We're talking about a battle between white turnout and latino turnout. One of the things that keeps me from being -- keeps from being awake all night at night is the cleveland plane dealer, which has gone with the winner has endorsed barack obama. They talked about a reluctant rehire, which is the mood for a lot of people. 60% of the country wants a different administration the second time as you pointed out in that poll, but a lot of the people like him. Women like to return the incumbent and give him another chance. The road to 270 is easier for obama, harder for romney. If obama gets ohio and wisconsin, game blouses. 
>> Well. From where we are now to last night in boca, neck up in "the spin," our favorite debate moments. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT IURANCE PLAN. 

[00:05:41]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. app that makes watchingv even better. If your tv were a hot dog zeebox would be some sort of fancy, french mustard. When they magically unite, people would think, "woah, this two dollar hot dog tastes like a fancy eight dollar hot dog." Download zeebox free, and say "woah" every time you watch tv. 
>>> After 270 minutes of magic the clock has run out on the presidential debate cycle. Even someone from suffering from romnesia, it's impossible to forget some of the fireworks last night. The moment of the night was this. 
>> You mentioned the navy, for example, and we have fewer ships than in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because of the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have shipping that go underwater, nuclear submarines. So the question is not ae of battleship where we count ships. It's what are our capabilities? 

[00:07:41]


>> I think we saw twitter explode with that comment. The room that I was in definitely exploded. It's buzzy and funny and fits the narrative that obama has made about I know the new answers and complexities of the modern world and military, and you're stuck in the past. Romney reminds a lot of people OF A 1950s SITCOM DAD AND THIS Plays into that. You have this old school norman rockwell past guy and this looking to the future guy. 
>> It's a theme carried throughout the president's campaign, actually, forward. First question right out of the gate, bob schieffer asks about libya, and all the conservative in my twitter stream was so excited. Then romney answered like this. 
>> Governor romney, you said this was an example of an american policy in the middle east that is unraveling before our very eyes. 
>> With the arab spring came a great deal of hope that there would be a change towards more moderation and opportunity for greater participation on the part of women in public life and inconomic life in the middle east, but instead we've seen in nation after nation a number of disturbing events. Of course, we see in syria 30,000 civilians have been been killed by the military there. We see in libya an attack apparently by -- I think we know w of terrorists of some kind against our people there, four people dead. Our hearts and minds go to them. 
>> He barely mentions libya, which is the focus of his foreign policy critique of the president, his attacks over the past month. He seems lacking in confidence, unsure of himself. He starts to go down the geography b list like I did memorize my talking points. This sort of set the tone for the whole debate. It's the same mistake the president made in the first debate. You cannot go in and play for a draw. You can't do it. It doesn't work. You can't be afraid of making a mistake. You have to go in with an aggressive stance going for the win. 

[00:09:49]


>> Favorite moment here. This isn't a rah, rah favorite moment. It needs to be highlighted. Let me play it and talk about it. 
>> Let me ask you governor, because we know president obama's position on this. What is your position on the use of drones? 
>> Well, I believe that we should use any and all means necessary to take out people who pose a threat to us and our friends around the world, and it's widely reported that drones are being used in drone strikes. I support that entirely and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology and believe that we should continue to use it to continue to go after the people who represent a threat to this nation and to our friends. 
>> This is really troubling. I think this is symptomatic of something bigger than romney versus obama. I would like for romney in that situation as the opponent to have challenged him aggressively on the issue of drones. 
>> S.E. Wanted that, too. 
>> I would like the moderator to aggressively challenge him. I would like somebody in the press over the last few years to have a one on one interview with obama and press him on. This I don't think people appreciate the significance with the drones, these unmanned aircraft that are firing away halfway around the world. It's targeting killings of bad guys and it's marketed. The reality is any male over the age of 18 years old anywhere near one of these things hit is declared that was the enemy. It's okay. This is war. Innocent people are dying and villages are destroyed and the bad will generated. There's the whole issue of the extra judicial nature of this of obama making life or death decisions sometimes involving american citizens. This is an extraordinary power. Bob schieffer, as soon as mitt romney gave that answer, he gave obama a pass on it, and it's wrong. 
>> I could not agree more. I've said this for weeks. All I wanted was for mitt romney to be the first person in four years to challenge this it president from the left, because it seems like a leftward criticism. It didn't happen last night. As for my quote-unquote favorite moment, I thought obama made some very easily argued points, and romney simply didn't argue them. I think you're right, krystal, hope for a draw do no harm kind of strategy. One of those moments was obama's breaking news last night. Let's play that. 

[00:12:16]


>> First the sequestration is not something I proposed. It's something that congress proposed and will not happen. 
>> Sequestration will not happen. Obama did sign it into law. It very well could happen, and it seems as though obama might have just taken his biggest bargaining chip off the table. The "wall street journal" and politico called it a huge gaffe today. I LIKED john McCain's response. 
>> I was astonished and almost fell out of my chair when he said don't worry, sequestration won't happen. We begged the president to come and sit down to avoid what his own secretary of defense has said would be a devastating blow to our national security. He said, don't worry. Sequestration won't happen. He's not a dictator yet. >> He's not a it was a very bizarre moment, and again, romney said nothing. 
>> Do we have an option of making his the dictator? Is that what we're learning? 
>> You would if you could. I know I know it. 
>> Who are the candidates? What are they for? Be specific. What are their names? Krystal in, and we'll talk about all the foreign language stuff last night with lieutenant colonel and they'll tell us which candidate was on point. 
>>> Time for "your business" bree prenear of the week. He works renaissance fairs, haunted houses and nightclubs. He sells bones, skulls and other items. He hooks, engaging and sells through performance and mirroring potential customer temperaments. For more watch "your business" sunday 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MEDICAL EXPENSES, I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE PLAN. 

[00:15:53]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, it could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free deon guide. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral. See why millions of people have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp. Don't wait. Call now. ???????????? 
>>> so now na we gave youou our personal favorite moments of the debate, it's time to bring in experts on foreign policy. Which won on stub stance and politics and who came across as the better commander in chief? In the guest spot we have two gentlemen that know this stuff inside and out. Lieutenant colonel anthony shafer and aaron david miller, vice president of the woodrow wilson international center for scholars. He's also a former middle east peace negotiator. Tony, let me start with you. Obama put romney in a few different decades last night. Let's play that. 
>> THE 1980s ARE NOW CALLING TO Ask for their foreign policy, because the cold war has been over for 20 years. But governor, when it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the foreign POLICIES OF THE 1980s LIKE THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s AND The economic policies of it is 1920s. 

[00:17:54]


>> That was a great line, but he went on to accuse mitt romney of having the foreign policy of both george w. Bush and obama. I'm confused. How can mitt romney's foreign policy span three decades and three different presidents? 
>> He also got the ships going under the water. Submarines are boats, with na corrected as well. I've watched the network all day preparing for. This you cannot accuse governor romney of being too close to president obama on policies and SAY HIS POLICIES ARE FROM 1980s. That doesn't work. I WAS IN THE 1980s, AND I LIKED How it ran. We were on top of things. We started cutbacks under reagan. He took cuts during the time he was in office. We were actually doing things well, and that's why we talked about the navy. The navy was effective back then, 500-ship navy. There were things they were trying to draw out of governor romney, that don't play well when you get to the redetails of it. 
>> Steve spoke about this earlier, and I've been talking about it for a while as well. Where is the outrage and the pushback on this president's foreign policy from the left when it comes to drones? Where are code pink and moveon.Org on the outrage on some policies? 
>> My friend on the left and i argue about this move with you guys. The drone thing is incredible. The kill capture program, we forgotten the capture part of the program, which creates a deficit of intelligence. That's why there's not good information about what's in the networks. You capture people understanding what's going on and penetrate the networks. Until you get back on target, we have to get past this level of using military strength only as a salve of creating stability in the middle east. 
>> Aaron, I'd say romney's performance last night, he was passive and stayed away from the hawkish rhetoric in the republican primaries. I don't think he drew many meaningful distinctions with president obama. We have a clip that encapsulates this. We'll asyou about this. 

[00:20:08]


>> With regards to iraq, we believe as you president indicated and said at the time that I supported his action there. I couldn't agree more about going forward. First of all, I want to underscore the same point the president made. 
>> I'm glad that governor romney agrees with the steps we're taking. 
>> Aaron, we're trying to figure out why romney took this tack last night. My sense is not because he thought he was ahead. He doesn't have much to say. He can't go at obama from the left and he's not about to go at him from the right and make him sound like bush part two. He's stuck in the mushy middle. Does that ring true to you? 
>> I have a different reading. Aaron sorkin could produce a fictional presidency. The white house is the court in the world, and there's no question on my judgment that the president won the debate. The reality is in american politics smart guys don't always get to be president. Al gore is a real smart guy. So was jimmy carter when he ran against ronald rean. Much smarter than their opponents. Here it seems to me, president won the debate, no question. The question is whether he won the politics. I would argue, and I voted for republicans and democrats and worked for republicans and democrats. This is -- I would argue this is a fairly detached analysis. Romney did himself two favors. On an issue like foreign policy, which plays to the president's comparative strengths. When you're president you have the power of the inxwinlt see. You have the intel and the 2p context. You talk about foreign policy all the time. The strategy, the details. You're really good at this. I think frankly it may well have been a draw in the sense that romney appeared -- there was no hollers or mispronounced names of countries. No howlers. He shared the stage with with the president of the united states, and he came off frankly fairly passive, but I think that was part of the strategy. His game was to create the image that putting the country in mitt romney's hands meant putting the country in centrist, moderate, safe hands. Not the muscular, reckless, ideological force with which the republican party has been identified and which some of romney's own comments has made him ally of. 

[00:22:39]


>> His advisers. 
>> On the politics I think he actually -- the big poll is comes up in less than two weeks. I think he did okay. 
>> Aaron, there was definitely howler. Romney said he would have imposed sanctions sooner, and the president said imposed sanctions is not something he can do unilaterally. Roll that. 
>> You thought that you'd do the same things we did, but you'd say them louder and somehow that would make a difference. It turns out that the work involved in setting up these crippling sanctions is pain-staking and meticulous. We started from the day we got into office. It's because we got everybody to agree that iran is seeing so much pressure, and we have to maintain that pressure. There is a deal to be had. 
>> Aaron whashgs he's talking about is global governance. The idea na america can no longer tell the world, this is what we want, and it will happen. We have to work with other nations in the world to make these sorts of things happen, and that creates a stronr batch of sanctions against iran rather than just going at it unilaterally. That's a key part of obama's foreign policy. 
>> It's true, but again, here's what I saw. I saw -- I'll describe it for what it is. I saw on that stage last night what I would describe to you as barackoromney. Two guys who essentially agree on most of the core issues facing the country, and I think this is more than willful triangulation by a republican candidate who somehow wants to bring his positions rather late in the game actually. 
>> Isn't it exactly that? Romney is adpreeing with obama so he doesn't risk mistakes? He doesn't agree, and the president said that's not what you said before, governor? 
>> No. What I think is the following, regardless of who becomes president, the foreign policy of this country is going to be sandwiched between two realities that no republican or democratic president is going to be able to change. Number one is the reality of our domestic broken house. The priorities that the american public demand that we pay much more attention to fixing our own house than running around the world trying to fix someone else's. We're coming off the two longer wars in american history. One of those wars, afghanistan, is owned by the current president of the united states. He had his own iraqi surge. He doubled down in afghanistan. This is obama's war, and the standard for victory in both wars was not can we win? It was when can we leave? The american public understands the costs of those wars. Democrat or republican, priority number one, fixing america's broken house. Number two, you're operating in a cruel and unforgiving world. In the middle east it's root canals and migraine headaches. We tuck in a region we can't fix and we cannot leave. I would bet you -- I wonder where the expression dollars to doughnuts came from. I would bet you dollars to doughnuts that regardless of who becomes president of this republic, a heroic effort will be made on the central question on what to do about iran's nuclear program. A heroic effort will be made to find every conceivable alternative to unilaterally striking iran or green lighting the israelis to strike iran. 

[00:26:21]


>> Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
>> In qoing to be critically important. The next president will be con strained by the nature of the world and the nature of our broken house. 
>> Aaron is talking quite a bit about iran and libya, subjects we heard a lot about in these debates. There were quite a few topics left out of the foreign policy debate in particular. Climate change was not brought up at all in any debates for the first time since 1984, immigration, the european debt crisis, latin america, india. There was very little on trade. These were major topics missing from the foreign policy dpee debate. What's the most important topic left out of the debate? 
>> There are three. First, I didn't know china was an enemy. According to the president it is. We have to reform or defense infrastructure. The last major reform was in 1947, and I disagree with governor romney about restoring cuts. We need to focus on the strategy. We don't center a global strategy. Let me predict it here on the show. We're going to face another cold war about energy, about the fact that we have a limited number of resources ailable to large, growing economy. Once we get the economy back on track, things start happening, resources are sucked up. We have to look at natural resources, energy, where it is coming from. There's issues regarding food and water not relating to climate change directly but just pulation growth in the far east. These are critical issues. The thing that affects u.S. Citizens most directly is not terrorism but cyber. Cyber security is something we have not broken the code on. We should have talked about it. Transforming the military, making a foundation and funding that foundation based on strategy, not restoring cuts. This is something I wish they went through in detail. 
>> Tony shafer, aaron david miller, thanks so much for joining us. We'll see you soon. Straight ahead the candidates had very different game faces on last night. The body image expert is back to break down every smile and stare. What was with that tagg romney/obama bonding moment? I'm 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I looked at my options. THEN I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE Plan. 

[00:29:48]


[ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. The rest is up to you. Call now and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, IT HELPS PICK UP SOME OF WHAT Medicare DOESN'T Pay. And could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. To me, relationships matter. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. 
[ Male Announcer ] WITH THESE TYPES OF PLANS, You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS MedicarPATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral to see a specialist. So don't wait. Call now and request this free decision guide TO HELP YOU BETTER UNDERSTAND Medicare... AND WHICH AARP Medicare Supplement Plan Might be best for you. There's a wide range to choose from. We love to travel -- and there's so much more to see. So we found a plan that can travel with us. Anywhere in the country. 
[ Male Announcer ] JOIN THE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE Who have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp, an organization serving the needs of people 50 and over for generations. Remember, ALL Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans HELP COVER WHAT Medicare DOESN'T PAY. And could save you thousands a year in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. And learn mo about the kinds of plans that will be here for you now -- and down the road. I ve a lifetime of experience. So I know how important that is. O 
>>> from 1 to 10, 10 being the most interesting and zero being complete snooze fest, lass night's debate 3.5. It lacked the near physical confront frags of hofstra and the near liberal massu side of the first debate in denver. It might have been the sleepiest of the three, but what they didn't say did speak volumes. We have media expert and ceo of CLARITY MEDIA GROUP bill McGowan back to break down the body language this time around. I noticed there was a lot going with romney's face. There was a lot going on with my mouth. There was the nose wrinkling and a lot of action in terms of his sort of facial gestures, if you will. What's up with athat? 

[00:32:31]


>> It's what we call in the trade busy mouth. It's that sort of twitching and pursing and licking his lips in tense moments. It was sort of the equivalent of what ryan was doing drinking the water. I think it tended to happen more when the president went on the offensive and started calling romney out on contradictions in his statements and policies. 
>> Bill, that was not the only busy thing going on romney's head. He was sweating profusing. He was nixoning like nixon in 1960. Sweating against jfk. What does that tell you to see romney sweating so profusely there? 
>> It could be a factor of the lights. It could be maybe the democrats had their own makeup person in that night. It could have been a variety of factors, but he definitely looked shiny there. That was one of the first things I noticed last night. It was very nixonian. 
>> Obama wasn't sweating, so it has toe comfortable with this topic. 
>> I was struck by how uncomfortable I felt watching these two guys. 
>> Were you sweating? 
>> I wasn't sweating but I was uncomfortable. They were incredibly close at the table and staring each other down. I remember in the first debate, you know, obama chs criticized for looking down in his notes. He learned from that lesson. He looked romney right in the eye and romney game it back to him. We're showing the intense moments. What did you make of that? 
>> The president actually was leaning in. He wasn't just looking at romney. His whole body engagement was much closer. It made them seem closer than they were. The one thing that I think the president probably would have been better off not doing in terms of the confrontation is the sarcasm on the line about the battleships. I think that -- 
>> that was a great line. It was the best line! 

[00:34:31]


>> I thought horses and bayonets is a good line. I don't think sarcasm is a great tool to use too often. 
>> He sunk romney's battleship. 
>> First of all, we should set this up. After the last debate, one of the 27 sons of mitt romney, tagg romney, was the one went on a radio show and he was so upset watching the debate he wanted to take a swing at president obama. It caused a big controversy. At the end of last night's debate, it was captured on video. We might show it here. He actually went up to obama, and it was an interesting moment where he has his arm around obama and they're exchanging words and they're pleasant. The speculation is so kind of apology to obama there. What sticks out, there's mitt romney standing there sort of watching the whole thing. I can remember it's like the father who walks his kid over to the youth baseball coach and makes him apologize for staring at him or something. That was the dynamic I was picking up. What did you make of that? 
>> It had that feel to it, and the fact that romney's son made the overture, the hand around the back, short of a lip reader, it had all the physical trappings of the apology and the president whispering in his ear something to the eect of, listen, kid, we allose our temper. 
>> Don't sweat it. 
>> It had that feel to it. 
>> Next time we'll bring in a lip reader, too. 
>> Up next the own version of the spin room with two experts watching this very closely. What's not debatable, though? The best zinger, fewer horses and bayonets. Zing! know these? Well the furby can actually dance to your kids' music... My kids have a lot of music. And the itikes discover map has this cool 3d iphone app. They'd be so happy if I could get both. Well, you could put them on layaway and pay a little at a time. Done, and done! He shoots... He scores!!! Touchdown!! 
[ imitates crowd cheering ] STRIKE! 

[00:36:31]


[ Male Announcer ] SHOP NOW. Get the hottest toys on your list today, like furby and the itikes discover map... Then put it on layaway so you have more time to pay. Walmart. 

[00:39:45]


>>> Both sides proclaiming victory for their candidates after three rounds of debates, we're left to ask who won? Who won last night and who won all three combined and who is going to win the presidency? Joining us is kevin daly, he's the co-founder of consumer bounds. Charlie pierce, contributing editor for "esquire." You and I share a home state, so I give you the first question. It's actually related to massachusetts, because that means you have seen mitt romney through the years. You have seen the many different incarnations of mitt romney. It strikes me after three debates this year, after the debates from 2002 when he ran for governor from 1994 when he ran for u.S. Senate there, the only common thread I can find in this guy's history of the face he puts onto the public is he aligns himself with whatever his sort of constituency of moment is on every issue. Do we have a sense after 18 years of watching mitt romney what this man actually holding deer ideologically?Ideologically? 
>> No. I think the only real principle in mitt romney's political career is that he's unprincipled. Whatever he needs to do to get to that which he thinks he is entitled, in this case the president of the united states, he will do. I mean, the track record on this is impeccably clear, and you have to give his campaign credit. They telegraphed this punch, hrnstromfehrnstrom, said it months ago, and it seems to be working. To be paraphrase a previous president, fool me once, fool me twice, won't get fooled again. 
>> Looking just at last night's debate on foreign policy, obama has gotten high marks on foreign policy, most of his actions have been popular, was there any way for mitt romney to go into a foreign policy debate and win it? 
>> In terms of going into a foreign policy debate, that's not his -- I suppose that's not his strong suit, but in terms of handling the subject as we all have to handle subjects, some of which are our strong suit, some of which are not, he did a darn good job. He stood up there like a leader, and that was a big goal I think of his in going through the debate. He had to show that he could stand tote to toe, chest to chest with the president of the united states and look pretty darn good in doing it. Not sure if charlie agrees with that, but that's the way I saw it. 

[00:42:04]


>> Well, kevin -- 
>> I think he stood toe to toe d chest to chest with the president, just not toe to toe and chest to chest with reality. 
>> A lot has been made of the laid back approach romney took, but he did go on the attack a couple times. One time he accused the president of going on an apology tour. The president called that out as the whopper it is, and then went on to say this. 
>> And when I went to israel as a candidate, I didn't take donors. I didn't attend fund-raisers. I went to the holocaust museum there to remind myself the nature of evil and why our bond with israel will be unbreakable. And then I went down to the border towns which had experienced missiles raining down from hamas, and I saw families there who showed me where missiles had come down near their children's bedrooms and I was reminded of what that would mean if those were my kids. 
>> So, kevin, when he did go on the attack there, the president sort of promptly put him in his place. Last week when he went on the attack about libya, it was a terrible moment, probably the worst moment for him in the debates. Isn't it possible he had to shift strategies because his normal campaign talking points on foreign policy just wouldn't stand up to muster in a debate situation? 
>> Well, you can always say that. You can pick a debate apart as much as you want and, of course, we all do that, that's whye're all here today, but what the audience out there gfts is an impression. An impression of romney, an impression of obama. And I don't even know that -- other than they like that story that the president told about going to the section over there in the middle east, the fact that the thought came out that there was a tour that the president went on in order to apologize for the united states, see, that sticks. That sticks in the mind of the viewers. If you said who won that in terms of wait? I think romney won it to some degree. 

[00:44:10]


>> That's very interesting. Way tonight give charles a chance to get in before we go. Charles, you know, I know you are one of the great political writers today. Great piece today. No nation in its right mind with put its foreign policy in the hands of the willard romney we saw last night. What do you think of the man who might become commander in chief? 
>> I think he has a lot of homework to do. The most dispiriting moment of the debate is when mitt romney told the president, america does not support dictators, it frees people from dictators. That is a stunningly and a historically absurd statement to make. He can take it up with the people in chile, in guatemala. He can take it up with the people in iran where our problems began because we overthrew an elected government and installed a dictator. 
>> Also iraq. 
>> That was a very empty platitude and I found it dispiriting for what is supposed to be a high-level foreign policy debate. 
>> Kevin and charlie, thanks so much. Sorry for the tight time in this bloc. Up next, s.E.'S ode to the undecided voter.S to stay at rest... While a body in motion tends to stay in motion. Staying active can actually ease arthritis symptoms. But if you have arthritis, staying active can be difficult. Prescription celebrex can help relieve arthritis pain so your body can stay in motion. Because just one 200mg celebrex a day can provide 24 hour relief for many with arthritis pain and inflammation. Plus, in clinical studies, celebrex is proven to improve daily physical function so moving is easier. Celebrex can be taken with or without food. And it's not a narcotic. You and your doctor should balance the benefits with the risks. All prescription nsaids, like celebrex, ibuprofen, naproxen, and meloxicam have the same cardiovascular warning. They all may increase the chance of heart attack or stroke, which can lead to death. This chance increases if you have heart disease or risk factors such as high blood pressure or when nsaids are taken for long periods. Nsaids, including celebrex, increase the chance of serious skin or allergic reactions or stomach and intestine problems, such as bleeding and ulcers, which can occur without warning and may cause death. Patients also taking aspirin and the elderly are at increased risk for stomach bleeding and ulcers. Do not take celebrex if you've had an asthma attack, hives, or other allergies to aspirin, nsaids or sulfonamides. Get help right away if you have swelling of the face or throat, or trouble breathing. Tell your doctor your medical history and find an arthritis treatment for you. Visit celebrex.Com and ask your doctor about celebrex. For a body in motion. beating, ] 

[00:46:42]


Woman: What do you mean, homeowners insurance doesn't cover floods? 
[ Heart rate increases ] 
Man: A few inches of water caused all this? 
[ Heart rate increases ] 
Woman #2: But I don't even live near the water. What you don't know about flood insurance may shock you -- including the fact that a preferred risk policy starts as low as $129 a year. For an agent, call the number that appears on your screen. @@ 
>>> before you get our vote, you're going to have to answer some questions. Questions like -- 
>> when is the election? How soon do we have to decide?Ci 

[00:48:45]


>> wt are the names of the two people running? And be specific. 
>> Who is the president right now? Is he or she running? Because if so, experience is maybe something we should consider. 
>> I have been told that when "snl" lampoons you, you've finally made it or maybe that's what helps me sleep at night. The other possibility is that you are simply so ripe for mockery, your mere existence is so absurd that "snl" cannot ignore you any longer. Undecided voters I'm talking to you. Take a look good, hard look in the mirror because this is your wake-up call. Officially out of excuses. The debates are wrapped up and with two weeks left, it's time to make up your minds. We got to know these guys pretty well. I mean, I know the candidates better than I know my own neighbors. But that's because I he them. If you still don't know who president obama is, lo around you. Some will say he's like jesus, he is everywhere and in everything. He's in your higher milk prices an out of work cousin, in your second mortgage and your uncle who keeps telling you to buy gold and he's on "the view" everything morning. As for mitt romney, he's also been pretty easy to find from california to new hampshire, you can find him at any one of his 400 homes. You can find him at fox news 17 times a day. You can often find him on both sides of an issue, and sometimes you'll find he's the only candidate to show up at a debate. And so I don't buy this undecided nonsense. In 2011 a study found most women believed 180 seconds was long enough to decide whether a potential suitor was mr. Right or mr. Wrong. Men make snap decisions all the time like when they decide to buy a mustang at 55. 
>> Yep. 
>> Or grow to mustache. Colin powell made a study of good decision making insisting you should need to less than 40% of available information to make a tough decision and no more than 70%. Someone should have told that to hamlet. I'm calling your bluff undecideds, you, the most contemptible voting group out there. You're either procrastinating, lazy, or lying, so pick a side and make up your minds and consider this your written invitation to the election. Okay. That does it for "the cycle." Martin, it's all yours. 

[00:51:02]


>> Thanks, s.E. 

﻿Title: The Daily Show With Jon Stewart - Gerard Butler
Description: Actor Gerard Butler.
Channel: 249 - COMEDY
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Hat leavethose plans completely to 
>> Jon: Welcome to "the daily show," my name is jon stewart. Got a good one for you tonight. Our guest gerard butler has a new film "facing mavericks." It's a film following sarah palin around. 
(Laughter) whatever happened to that lady? I don't know. Let's begin tonight with last night's presidential debate in boca raton, florida, which is spanish for "rat's moh." 
(Laughter) nd yiddish for "heaven's waiting room." 
(Laughter and applause) this is the third and-- thank god-- final debate between barack obama and mitt romney. To topic, foreign policy. Bad news for president obama because -- 
>> in the history of presidents of the united states, he's our worst at foreign policy. 
>> This is a very weak ill-conceived foreign policy. Every place you look is failure. 
>> The jimmy carter years look like the good old days compared to where we are right now. 
>> The president has communicated weakness. 
>> Jon: Weakness in foreign policy! Obama is weaker than coolidge in foreign policy! Weaker than polk! Weaker than president flinchington j. Craphispants. 
(Laughter) as you know, the only president in united states history who ever had his wallet stolen by a baby. 
(Laughter) you don't hear as much about old president craphispants. 
(Laughter) but given obama's foreign policy record, this debate is going to be a bloodbath. 
>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden. Drones are being used in drone strikes and I support that entirely. And feel the president was right. I want to underscore the same pointhe president made. I felt the same as the president did. I supported his action there. Absolutely the right thing to do to have crippling sanctions. 

[00:02:13]


(Cheers and applause) 
>> Jon: I think romney's leaning obama! 
(Laughter) apparently romney is one of this year's coveted swing voters. Look, how closely did mitt romney align himself with what had, I guess up until last night, been the worst foreign policy ever? Listen to these guys duet on syria. 
>> I believe that assad must go. 
>> Assad has to go. 
>> I don't want to have our military involved in syria. 
>> For us to get more entangled militarily in syria is a serious step. 
>> So the right course for us is working through our partners -- 
>> -- in consultation with our partners -- 
>> -- to identify responsible parties within syria. 
>> Mobilizing the moderate forces. 
>> Organize them. 
>> Helping the oration organize. 
>> We need to make sure -- 
>> making absolutely certain -- 
>> that they don't have arms -- 
>> -- arms ? 
>> The wrong hands. 
>> To hurt us down the road. 
(. 
>> (Both together) thank you. 
(Cheers and applause) 
>> Jon: Wow, what the hell was that? On foreign policy it appears that all that's left for the presidential race is this one model. I mean, at lea we still get our choice of color but it's the same model! 
(Laughter) what the hell's romney up to? The whole debate was a tour of bizarro land. Here's romney on the afghanistan withdrawal. 
>> Well, we're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Jon:2014 withdrawal date no matter what! That's barack obama's plan! 
(Laughter) the weird part is, it never used to be romney's. 
>> Announcing a withdrawal date, that was wrong. The taliban may not have watches but they do have calendars. 
>> Jon: Calendars? I meant colanders. They have colanders. 

[00:04:16]


(Laughter) and did I say withdrawal date was wrong? I meant right! 
(Laughter) how about iraq? 
>> Governor romney, was the war in iraq a good idea worth the cost in blood and treasure we have spent? 
>> It was the right decision to go into iraq. I supported it at the time; i support it now. 
>> Jon: But do you support it 
(laughter). Now? 
>> We don't want another iraq. We don't want another afghanistan. That's not the right course for us. 
>> Well, I guess that's not a flip-flop so much as a principled recognition because of the iraq war's current unpopularity. 
(Laughter) you know what? Iraq and afghanistan those are yesterday's wars. It's tomorrow's war that counts and if there's anything governor romney has been vociferous about lo these past 18 months it is his uncompromising belief that it's time to rattle our sabers at iran. 
>> This is a president who should have instead communicated to iran that we are prepared, that we are considering military options, they're not just on the table, they are in our hands. 
>> The president should have built credible threat of military action. When they see our military option in our hand, a possible blockade or aerial strikes they recognize we mean business. 
>> Jon: We mean business mother (bleep)! 
(Laughter) blockade! Aerial strike pew! Pew! We're going to get you, iran! All right. So here's your chance to contrast obama's appeasement through diplomacy with your freedom through strength. 
>> It's also essential for us to understand what our mission is in iran and that is to dissuade iran from having a nuclear weapon through peaceful and diplomatic means. We want a peaceful planet. We want people to be able tone joy their lives and know they'll have a bright and prosperous future and not be at war. I want to see peace. 
(Laughter) 
>> Jon: Get a hair cut, hippy. 

[00:06:17]


(Laughter and applause) governor romney appears -- 
(cheers and applause) governor romney appears to have made the calculated decision that his bellicose and hawkish performances in the republican primaries would be less appreciated by the normals. But here's the crazy part. After basically casting off what were months and weeks ago his bedrock principles and beliefs to copy obama's policy position in a transparently cynical appeal to undecided, guess which quality romney chose to highlight as the difference between the two men? 
>> Leadership. We should be playing the leadership role. America must lead. We need strong leadership. Real leadership. I'd like to be that leader. 
>> Follow me! I'll be right behind the president! 
(Laughter and applause) I've got to say, by the end of last night I was beginning to worry we were in some kind of "freaky friday" situation where barack obama -- they somehow peed in the same fountain and switched bodies or just -- 
(laughter). Remember two weeks ago when romney was the one who was all confident and staring daggers at obama and the president was looking at some rapturous dreamland that only he could see? 
(Laughter) well, last night it was obama delivering the death stare while romney suddenly found something on his podium incredibly fascinating. 
(Laughter) and that's not all. Obama who, as we all remember, was (bleep)ing asleep during the first debate was hitting romney left and right with the zingers. 
>> Well, governor romney is right, you are familiar with jobs being shipped overseas because you invested in companies that were shipping jobs overseas. 
>> Jon: Boom! 
>> You mentioned the navy, for example, and that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
(Cheers and applause 
>> Jon: Bam! 
>> T biggest geopolitical threat facing america you said russia. Not al qaeda, you said russia. AND THE 1980s ARE CALLING TO Ask for their foreign policy back. 

[00:08:17]


(Laughter and applause). 
>> Jon: Well, that was a little hackie. I mean that was -- that was a it will roasty. I wouldn't (bleep) your foreign policy with margaret thatcher's 
(bleep), come on! Hickory dickory dock, your geopolitical understanding can suck my -- 
(laughter) sorry. That's -- no, please don't because then I'll do it again some night. 
(Laughter) so the president had a good night. Must have felt pretty confident because he was letting his professor or y'all side shine through. Especially when it came to one country. 
>> We've created partnerships throughout the region to deal with extremism. In somalia, in yemen, in pakistan. 
>> Jon: What? Really? 
(Laughter) pah-kee-stahn? Really? Suddenly you're a guy who's desperate to prove you once roomed with a foreign exchange student? 
(Laughter) look, this is america, we don't use the pronunciation locally. We don't say may-hee-co or frahnce. Mexico, france. Pakistan. 
(Laughter) all in all last night made a fine conclusion, though, to the trilogy of debates between the two candidates eager acceptance of remote controlled hellfire drones to achieve that end. We learned mitt romney has basically come around to barack obama's position on foreign policy and barack obama's come around to the bush administration's policy on aggression overseas but don't worry, people. 
>> The foreign policy debate of the three debates I assume this will be the least watched of the three. 
>> So maoters in recent polls have said they don't care anything about foreign policy. 
>> Yes or no, this debate matter? 
>> I don't think so. 
(Laughter) 
>> Jon: We'll be right back. 
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)ixPa+rp( OXV(QP$ii??0,,??8i8iXHv[6m2m2]fF,X 

[00:12:30]


(Cheers and applause). 
>> Jon: With the third debate out of the way campaign now enters its final phase so we turn to john oliver and aasif mandvi, they've been following the two campaigns. Time for the end game. Gentlemen, how are you? 
(Cheers and applause) you two have been on the bus with both campaigns. These campaigns are finally making their closing statements of this election. John oliver, let's start with you. What is obama campaign's closing speech and pitch to the american people? 
>> Simply this, john. The obama camp feels the choice is simple. Mae obama hasn't been the president you wanted him to be. Perhaps he didn't meet the high expectations he set himself. But the other guy, jon, is a total dick! 
(Cheers and applause) I mean that. Jon, he's a six-foot shaft with tiny ballses for feet. He may not fire you himself but you know that when he's looking at you he's unemploying you with his eyes. 
(Cheers and applause) now, if you will excuse me, jon, I'm going to stare at aasif while he's talking, thereby dominating him visually. 
(Laughter). 
>> Jon: Well, all right, seems like a relatively low-brow closing argument from the obama campaign. Aasif, you've been with the romney campaign. What's their closing argument? 
>> Well, what do you want it to be? 
(Laughter) 
(cheers and applause) look, jon, um, mitt romney has been running forresident for seven years. These are two short weeks left in the campaign. The polls are narrowing in key states. He just needs to pick up a few more votes to lock this thing down. So at this point, he really wants to know what individuals think so he can think it, too. Because, jon, he really, really wants to be president. 
(Cheers and applause) 
>> Jon: That does seem like if I may say so, and I don't -- and I see what you're doing there, john. A breath takingly cynical tactic. 

[00:14:33]


>> You think so? 
(Laughter) 
>> Jon: I do. 
>> Well, then mitt romney does, too! 
(Cheers and applause) he always has since day one. 
>> Oh, come on, jon, he's just being dick! I'm telling you, salt and pepper pubic hair. Real dick! Real dick! 
>> Jon: I hate to say this but by calling everyone a dick all the time I think the obama campaign's closing argument comes across a little dickish, quite frankly. 
>> No, no, no, you can't call them a dick for calling out a dick, jon. You can't call double-dick. 
(Laughter) you can't do it. 
>> Th ridiculous. 
>> It is ridiculous, jon. It's not the kind of values governor romney grew up with as a lost jewish kid in central jersey. >n: WHAT? Wait! What? 
>> Governor romney learned during his days listening to bruce springsteen in a -- 
>> Jon: What? 
>> In a haze of pot smoke dreaming of becoming a stand up comedian. 
>> Jon: Oh, my god! That's just like my life. I didn't know romney was so relatable! 
>> Jon, you see what he's doing! This isn't a question of romney's biography, this is about hard experience. You've heard the president, he's been everywhere. From pah-kee-stahn, to bra-see-o, to (southern accent) south carolina and of course 
(southern accent) australia. 
>> Jon: (Laughs) that's how australians say australia? 
>> They do if they're from south carolina, jon, yes. 
>> Jon: Pronouncing these different regions like you're a sophomore just back from a semester abroad is pretentious. It's a little dickish. 
>> Jon, this is no time for name calling and, in fact, governor romney understands john oliver's frustration. 
(Laughter) it's a feeling that's been nagging at him since he was a scrappy little street rat selling papers for tuppence in chittany square. Can. 

[00:16:34]


(Laughter) 
(cheers and applause) 
>> Jon: What? 
>> (In a cockney accent) that's the life wot I lived! ROMNEY FOR PRESI,X+ c4-X!??!??!??rG,X-XH0d(#TKiD D s!@??0%0%$m$me) 

[00:20:43]


(cheers and applause). 
>> Jon: Welcome back. My guest tonight, his new fame is called "chasing mavericks." 
>> I want to ride thatt wave. I want to that I can that drop. 
>> It's not gonna happen. 
>> Why not? 
>> Because untrained boys don't step in the ring with mike tyson, that's why. 
>> I can handle it! 
>> You don't just do it. Buddy, I've been surfing that break for 20 years. Do you have any idea how much strength and know how you need to survive a break like that? 
>> I'm getting stnger by the day. I'll hold my own. 
>> Stronger by the day, huh? Okay, gave me your hand. Now resist me. Okay? No, you're not -- 
>> Jon: Oh, I'm sorry. 
(Laughter) please welcome gerard butler! 
(Cheers and applause) 
>> Jon: Nice to see you. 
(Cheers and applause) I guess my first thing I'm going say to you is this "grab my hand." 
(Laughter) resist me, butler! Those aren't hands they're like 
(bleep)ing meat hooks, jesus! What's happening? 
>> Nothing, man, just -- I just realized how much I missed my hair. I mean it's -- 
>> Jon: Oh, is that true. 
>> Yeah, it doesn't really look like it was, my hair. 
>> Jon: You like it more flowing, a little more "bravehearty." As much -t as it looked bleached as hell but it was a fun cut. 
>> Jon: 
>> Jon: Let me ask you this. Did you do the things you wanted to do with your hair when it was that long or no? Did you get a convertible and drive like this? 
(Laughter) 
>> I mop it had bathroom floor with it. 
>> Jon: See, I'm the opposite. When I get a hair cut now I feel liberated. I feel -- when I my hair gets too long and I get it cut I feel like oh, now, going attack the day. Maybe it's a -- I have what do you call it osteoporosis so i don't have the bone density that a long hair -- 

[00:22:48]


(laughter). You're a haler figure, perhaps. 
>> I don't know, maybe. 
>> Jon: I can (bleep)ing talk about this the whole time. I'm not going to it will you off the hook at this. 
>> Well, you're right, there's something very freeing about getting it shaved off. I was just watching that there going "oh, god, I had long hair once." 
>> Jon: Let me ask you a question. We've got a monitor there. Give me a quick butler single. 
(Cheers and applause) let me ask you this. Do you think to yourself "nice"? 
(Laughter) do you ever think to yourself "i'd hit that. I'd hit that." 
(Laughter) 
>> I do frequently. 
(Laughter) laugh. 
(Cheers and applause) 
>> Jon: Give me my single. Is that skin cancer? What is that? 
(Laughter) 
>> I'd hit that, too. 
>> Jon: Thank you, i appreciate it, it's very unhittable. I know everybody's asking you about. This they're doing this surfing film. Do we have the footage of him in this crazy -- all right, so he's out -- 
>> the red board there. 
>> Jon: Watch this. This is insane. Now watch how high the water suddenly comes -- 
(audience reacts) how high is that? 
>> That's over 30 feet. 
>> Jon: That's a 30-foot wave and you're underneath it. 
>> And when the camera comes -- look at that. It's like three miles of coastline and it's just -- everything's wiped out. 
>> Jon: Everything's wiped out. What were you doing out there? 
(Laughter) 
>> it does seem like a logical question. I was asking the same thing when I saw that wave coming and i knew there was no escape i hought how the (bleep) did i end up out here? 
>> Jon: Were they filming? Was that being -- 
>> we were filming at the time. We were in the middle of filming, we'd gone closer into the rocks and we're just -- we're getting ready for something and we just saw this huge set of waves coming in and it was like watching a tsunami and they start going -- 
>> Jon: It's 30 feet of water. That's a three story wave. And when you're underneath it, how long are you under there? 

[00:24:52]


>> Well, I was -- I had what's called a two-way hole bank. Some people don't make it through. Those waves there's 18, 20 seconds between them. Plus they take you with them. So you're underwater going along with the waves and I didn't make it back up for the next one and I had already been paddling and trying to get out of the way. So I was exhausted by the time that wave hit. 
>> Jon: Who got -- did you pop up? How did you get out? Did somebody reach down and grab you? Like what -- do you remember getting out? Were you -- 
>> yeah, no, I came up and i went "oh, christ." Then I saw the next wave coming and I was like "oh, not again!" And one t guy who taught me e to surf was there on a jetski and he came over but the look on fear on his face that's when i realized how (bleep). 
(Laughter) and I few he wasn't scared for himself but it was like -- 
>> Jon: Sure, she had a jetski! 
>> Exactly. Yeah. Oh, nice one, you get the jetski! So he had to turn around because the wave was coming and he left. 
(Laughter) and I'm like all right, here comes the next one. And it took me down again. And then I came up again and then one of the surrers who was maybe over 30 yards away, it was all blurry now and I think he's saying "calm down, you'll be all right." And I'm thinking "i'm not all right." So now I'm at the rocks and the next wave came and took me down again. And finally I came up and grant came in and he grabbed me in. 
>> Jon: I thought you were going to say "and then a giant boot came down and stepped on me." 
(Laughter) at that point did they say like "hey, where's gerard's stunt double?" Like, did they get somebody? 
(Laughter) 
>> yeah. The insurance company stepped in and did that. "Gerard, stay on the shore." 
>> Jon: Unbelievable. Well, it didn't hurt the money maker, you're still rocking the 
-- good stuff, baby. 
(Applause) you've got to see some of this stuff. The wave footage is ridiculous. "Chasing mavericks" is in the theaters on friday. Gerard butler. 

[00:26:55]


(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)t"q"q"q"#$!,!,!$!e0F]0193#1,eK,IkII# 

[00:30:31]


>> Jon: That's our show, here it is, your moment of zen. 
>> What did you think about mitt romney this evening? Go? 
>> I think he was assertive, confident and hungry for the job. 
>> I found him to be more human and relatable tonig Captioning sponsored by Comedy central 

﻿Title: The Dr. Oz Show - Medicine's Most Controversial Leaders Reveal Their Fountain of Youth Secrets!
Description: Advances in modern and holistic health help people to live longer.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Exounledses. You must hear. 
Dr. Oz: You're articulating what many doctors are saying behind closed doors. 
>> Next. 
[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: The fountain of youth. That question is one of the most controversial debates today. So, for the first time two opposing views from different disciplines, who are they? First, meet an innovator in modern medicine who says you can live longer, be disease-free and feel younger than you ever thought possible. Meet dr. David agulls. 
>> Everything good since last visit? 
>> I'm a cancer doctor. Two or three times a week I look at someone, I say, I have no more drugs to treat your cancer. I don't want to do that anymore. We're obligated to think differently and approach this disease and other diseases in a different fashion. 
Dr. Oz: Dr. David agus has been called a rock star of science. For his innovative research and his controversial opinions about medicine and longevity. 
>> To me diseases are verbs. You're cancering, your heart diseasing. And I want to change from you a disease state to a health state. The key is to listen to your body. To look at severaltle salve convenient a. Heels, at of the day your feet hurt, down the road that can lead to other diseases from the inflammation that's causing the pain. 
Dr. Oz: Dr. Agus helped invent the technology that can analyze your body's most intricate inner workings with just a single drop of blood. 
>> Each of these dots represent a protein in the person. All of a sudden I have a picture of everything going on in that person's moment of time because I know what proteins are there and how much of it. I don't want to have to stick needles in and do things that can cause a lot of problems. I just want a drop of blood to know the answer. We have to push harder for better technologies, teacher -- cheaper technologies, better ways to scale them because that will change the playing field. 

[00:02:20]


Dr. Oz: Has dr. Agus found the fountain of youth? 
[Cheers and applause] dr. David agus joins us. So how close is traditional medicine, conventional med sid sin, to discovering the fountain of youth? 
>> I don't think we're that far away. I think right now we're good at prevention, but in the next decade I bet you alzheimer's becomes a disease of the past. In a decade. The experiments happening now are wild, for the first time ever we've reversed it in miles. 
Dr. Oz: There's a bunch of choices we have today and I'm going to talk about some of these. Dr. Agus has many provocative beliefs. The fountain of youth is obtainable if everyone were to take stanton drugs. Those are the cholesterol-lowering drugs that are priebed for people at high risk of heart disease. You argue they ought to be more widely used. 
>> Yes. 
Dr. Oz: And age 40 is the cutoff? 
>> For most people. 
Dr. Oz: That's a pretty bold statement. To say that everyone who can hear my voice right now should on a stant drug if they're over the age of 40. 
>> Yeah. I get a lot of pushback but look at the at that da. 
-- Da at it. They took people with normal cholesterol and inflammation and they put them on these stantons. They delayed heart attack and strokes by years in people. This blocks inflammation which seems to be the root of diseases. And they work. They make people live longer. So the data are there. 
Dr. Oz: That also argues that anyone at risk should be picking these stanton drugs. You mentioned inflammation. Everybody at home should be taking those. Five basic questions. Come on over here. We've asked one of our audience members to join us. John at that -- johnetta, welcome to the show. So, I'm going to go through these five questions with you. We're going to do this together with her. Everyone just keep track of these five basic questions. The first question we're going to ask about is a family history of heart disease. 

[00:04:20]


>> No. 
Dr. Oz: You have family history of cancer? 
>> No. 
Dr. Oz: Someone age younger than 60 or so with a problem. You think that you're overweight? 
>> Yes, do i. I'm 175 pounds but I hide it well. 
Dr. Oz: Ok. How tall are you? 
>> I'm 5'6". 
Dr. Oz: That probably would put new the overweight category. Do you smoke? 
>> No. 
Dr. Oz: Just making sure. Do you have a history of diabetes or high blood shuger? 
>> No. 
Dr. Oz: So, should she be on a stanton drug? She had one out of five answers positive. 
>> She needs to go to her doctor and say, should I be on a staten? In most cases that doctor's going to look at the data, how it can effect your heart disease risk, your cancer risk, the fact that you're a little bit overweight and say maybe you should be stanton. My gut is they probably would do it. 
Dr. Oz: They would? Why? 
>> Because being overweight increases your rate of heart disease and cancer. And so a doctor will go through the data and based on your value system, you'll hake the decision that's right for you as an individual. 
Dr. Oz: But 2/3 of the population is overweight or owe beels. Johnetta's not unique. That means that most of the people who can hear my voice right now over the age of 40 will end up on a stanton drug. 2/3 of the country will die of h disease and cancer so, yeah we need to prevent these diseases. 
Dr. Oz: What if you had that survey and you had one that was posive. Would you go on a staten? 
>> I'd look at my cholesterol and inflammation and I probably would. I'm on a stanton myself. 
Dr. Oz: And are you getting inflammation. Let's say that johnetta had joint pain. That was her only issue. And -- listen, heel pain, which most women in this audience have had heel pain, right? That's the kind of inflammation. Should they be taking stantons for that? 
>> I'm talking about a blood test. That puts you at slightly higher risk. The heel pain can lead to that but right now we use the blood test as the metric. 

[00:06:21]


Dr. Oz: If that blood test was high and someone had heel pain from wearing high healed shoes, would they go on a stanton drug if they were in your practice? 
>> No question about it. This large study showed that people did bet when are they did that -- better when they did that. If would you put people with heel pain or -- 
dr. Oz: Who had a little bit of inflamation, then you do believe it's the fountain of youth? 
>> No question. This is the only class of drug that makes people live longer. It definitely works in terms of longevity. I am a believer. I wish we didn't have to give a drug but right now this is the drug that works. 
Dr. Oz: Do you feel you're controversial when you say that? 
>> I go on the data. The randomized studies showing benefits. To me it's not controversial. I look at people every week and say, listen, you have heart can disease and cancer. You ask someone with heart disease and cancer, don't you wish you were on a stant, all of them said, I wish I did it. I wish I knew about it. I wish I thought about it. Unfortunately we're a society that cares about today, not tomorrow. 
Dr. Oz: Johnetta, is that controversial to you to be thinking about taking a stanton drug? 
>> I don't think I need to go to that extreme that the point. I think I'm going to try base you can methods at this time -- basic methods at this point. 
Dr. Oz: Thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
[Applause] 
dr. Oz: So stanton drug prescription drugs, who ha do they cost? 
>> Without health insurance you can go to one of the big stores, the warehouse stores and for $9 get 90-day supply. We're not talking tremendous expense here. 9 for a 90-day supply. 
Dr. Oz: So it's affordable, accessible because doctors can prieb it. It does have -- pry it. It does have side effects. Muscle pain and damage. Do you worry that we could be doing more harm than good by giving stants to everyone over the age of 40? 
>> Listen, every side effect is reversible. You have one, you stop the drug. The risk benefits change if you have a side effect. 

[00:08:21]


Dr. Oz: I'm going to push you on this because it's a struggle for me to get past this thought of using stantons on so many people. The number of people benefiting from these drugs, I don't see it as great as you do. 
>> Listen, these side effects are very, very, very rare. And they do happen, they're real. I want education to make people realize they're happening but the benefits are there. You talk to someone with advanced heart disease, cancer and you say, these are the two biggest killers in our country, do you wish you were on a drug that could have prevented it and uniformly the answer is yes. 
Droz: But I think the reason so many doctors are prescribing these drugs is because a patient comes into our office and we've given up on their ability to change their lifestyle. I mean johnetta says she'd rather do it on her own and i buy, that but the doctor doesn't think she's going to do it so they say, here, take this pill. It's just as good. 
>> I'm not giving up on lifestyle at all. I'm all about what you eat, how you exercise, how much you move. All of those things. At the same time just adds to it. I want every number in your favor. And I'm passionate that I don't want to see people suffering from disease. 
Dr. Oz: I really think that lifestyle dwarfs the value of any pill. I've dedicated my life, this whole show, to the power of that message. But I do think stantons work for some folks. I don't think if you give them to everyone over the age of 40, if they've got just one of those points against them. And I trust you all to make a difference in your own lives and for johnetta, particularly if you want to lose a little bit of weight to get out that have risk category, that's something you control. That's your destiny. I don't think we're ever going to match it with a pill we prescribe. I have more news for you. Up next, do antoxidants cause cancer? You guys curious about that? Dr. Agus thinks they do. We're going to get into that controversy next. 
>> Up next, antoxidants under fire. Could they be taking years off your life? 

[00:10:23]


>> Increased cancer and no benefit. 
Dr. Oz: Do you think anybody should be taking a multivitamin? 
>> And later -- 
>> drugs we are using are killing us. 
>> He says the fountain of youth is in your own backyard. 

[00:13:07]


[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: Dr. David agus, one of the medicine's most controversial leaders is here. You've heard many times in this show that ant objection danlts help fight off cancer -- antioxidants help fight off cancer but dr. Agus thinks they might cause cancer when you take them in vitamin form. You feel very strong with ant objection danlts. 
>> An antioxidant is something that accepts an electron. But anything that accepts it donates it elsewhere in the body. It was a term that was made for marketing. 
Dr. Oz: So you believe that if you take the typical multivitamin sold, the marketing term antioxidant, you're increasing the chance of having cancer. 
>> That's data. The randomized studies showing that smokers and former smokers who take beta car teen and vitamin a increase the rate of lung cancer and death which is a bad side effect by the way. 
Dr. Oz: Yes, it is. 
>> Those who take vitamin e increase the cancer. 
Dr. Oz: Let's explain what ant objection danlts do in the body and -- antioxidants do in the body. So, pretend this is your body, everybody. And you've got in your body free radicals. The free radicals are weaponing 
-- weapons that your body uses. Those weapons are used to kill off things like bacteria and they come from good and bad sources. The yellow free radicals here, the yellow weapons are ones your bodyy would naturally make to protect itself but there's some black free radicals these come from the outside environment. Sun exposure, smoking, environmental toxins. These are things that we see all the time. An antioxidant basically goes into your body and figures out where the free radicals are and antioxidant, which is the vitamin you're taking, will pick up some of these, it doesn't know if it's a bad or a good one of these, one that your body made or one that came from the outside world but it will pick up a bunch of them and then take these away. That's what a vitamin does. What an antioxidant does. Dr. Agus, you argue -- 

[00:15:13]


>> I'm worried. I'm worried that it's going to go in there and do something like this and so all of a sudden you can't fight off the things that your body needs to fight every day. 
Dr. Oz: So if you're taking away 
-- I'll just show here. If you're taking away all of the antioxidants, there's nothing left there. The free radicals are all missing. There's nothing left to help you protect yourself. But I would think what you really want is. This you want to have the natural state where you have enough but not too many. Let me ask the audience a question and be honest about this. How many of you think you eat well every day? Eat the foods we talk about on the show? Put your hands up. All right. So we got about -- a little less than half the audience. I'm going to shock you. It turns out that today's food has a nutrient content that's at least 15%, 20% lower than what was in there 50 years ago. So even if you're eating perfectly well now, you're not getting the food that our ancestors used to naturally get. So getting the right amount of antioxidants, even if you're eating the right thing, is hard. And most of you when you were asked said you weren't doing that. So why wouldn't taking the right. A antioxidants be part of the fountain of youth? 
>> How many in the audience have friends that have wick ets or scumby which are clinical lack of vitamins? I don't see anybody. Even though food has less nutrients, it's not clear we're deficient in these things. All vitamin is something we can't synthesize enough of. It doesn't mean more is better. I'll change my mind as soon as there's randomized data showing a benefit. 
Dr. Oz: Do you think anybody should be taking a multivitamin? 
>> Pregnant women definitely because it works. I think people with certain eye conditions, potentially some kids. But in general, no. 
Dr. Oz: How do the doctors, your colleagues, our colleagues rerks respond to your pretty concrete thoughts about multivitamins? 
>> People in the community, many of them get very up in arms because I took away their crutch that they've been leaning on for decades. Most doctors start to tend to agree. Remember the government just last month issued a statement that nobody in this country should be taking calcium and vitamin d. They're slowly changing saying we need real randomized data that it works. 

[00:17:31]


Dr. Oz: I got to say, as controversial as you are, I do think you are articulating what many doctors are saying behind closed doors. You acknowledged that vitamins are necessary. You're wanting people to get them through foods, not pills which is again what most doctors in their hearts feel to be true. I just dish feel that I'm abandoning the average person who, for one reason or another, is not getting those vitamins through their food. We agree on some very important issues. Coming up, the three things we both think you should do to live longer. That's next. 
>> Coming up, they agree on three simple things. 
>> You can do today to live longer. 
>> The one pill you must be taking. Dr. Oz:30% reduction of cancer, death. This may be the most important. 
>> What you're probably doing right this second -- 
dr. Oz: More harmful to us than smoking cigarettes. Critters Complete contain key vitamins without artificial colors like Red Dye #40. 
L'il Critters: America's number one children's brand. ] bars. They're whole grain good... And yummy good. Real fruit pieces.12 grams of whole grains and a creamy yogurt flavored coating. Quaker yogurt granola bars. Treat yourself good. 

[00:20:57]


[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: If you're searching for the fountain of youth, you don't want to miss this. I'm back with dr. David agus. One of medicine's most controversial leaders and we agree on three simple things you can do today to live longer. Let's get to it. The first one is to automate your life. You aurg want people to sleep, eat, work at the same time every day. Why? 
>> It's wild. If you have your lunch today at noon and tomorrow at 2:00, for two hours your stress hormone goes up. When that happens you don't think as well and you also -- your muscles don't work as well. You don't exercise as well. You're going to function better. Your metabolism goes down. You're going to gain weight. You eat on a regular schedule, you get up, you go to bed on a regular schedule. You're going to do better. 
Dr. Oz: So many of the folks listening today lives. Unpredictable lives. Not that easy to create the routines, to eat lunch always at 1:00 because they don't control their destiny to that degree. What do you have to say to snem 
>> some of the biggest stressers in our life aren't as big as we think they are. Whether it's marriage or economics. But an irregular schedule is. I go to canyon line store and buy healthy bars. It's the person who randomly grabs an apple in the day, that's bad. Doing it regularly is fantastic. 
Dr. Oz: You think having a routine is more important than avoiding measure tal strife? He's marry -- marital strife? He's married by the way. 
>> They're both tremendously important but it's stressers on the body, the lack of a routine is really a big hitter. 
Dr. Oz: Step number two is to take aspirin. A daily aspirin. I recommend this as well. I recommend it because it reduces the instance of heart attacks. Why do you suggest it? 
>> Because the data now, over a quarter million people studied in a randomized study, a 30% reduction in cancer death. 
Dr. Oz: The last tip, this may be the most important, is standing up for your health. I'm not talking about philosophically doing. This literally. You say we are guilty of doing one thing right now that is more dangerous to us, more harmful to us than smoking significant rits? 

[00:23:05]


>> If you exer sight -- ath the gym for an hour and -- if you exercise an hour at the gym and then sit for hours, it's the equivalent of smoking a pack of cigarettes. Move around. Why are we sitting? 
Dr. Oz: Let's do it. Literally just standing? 
>> You have to walk. 
Dr. Oz: Audience, I want you living too. We all do this. 
>> There's no muscle in the wall. So it's theythmic contraction of your mutsles when you walk that make it all move around. 
Dr. Oz: I just put the numbers on this. It's merble, huge increases of dying earlier, if you're sitting for more than six hours a day. You remember that? Six hours. So aspirin a day, get in a routine and make sure that you're not sitting for more than six hours a day. Can you all do that? We're going to keep standing because coming up we are leaving the frontiers of sibse and moving on to the ancient secrets in nature. Meet the medicine man who says the fountain of youth is in your backyard. That's next. 
[Cheers and applause] 
>> up next, is the fountain of youth all around us? 
>> I think that nature provides a cure for everything. 
>> The medicine man who doesn't turn to the pharmacy. 
Dr. Oz: It actually grows in your backyard. 
>> Cures that could be just outside your door. bars. They're whole grain good... And yummy good. Real fruit pieces.12 grams of whole grains and a creamy yogurt flavored coating. Quaker yogurt granola bars. Treat yourself good. online unbelievable. What a bargain! 

[00:25:12]


[ Female Announcer ] SOMETIMES A GOOD DEAL Turns out to be not such a good deal. But bounty gives you value you can see. In this lab demo, one sheet of bounty leaves this surface cleaner than two sheets of the leading ordinary brand. So you can clean this mess with half as many sheets. Bounty has trap and lock technology to soak up big spills and lock them in. Why use more when you can use less? Bounty. The clean picker upper. ] not FiOS. IT'S ABOUTGETTING FiOS. That moment after you finally got it that you actually get it. When you see up close the difference 100% fiber optics really makes, and you say to yourself, "whoa...We are not on cable anymore." When you can see blades of artificial grass in their full glory, you get it. Or the fitime you download a 2-hour movie in 2 minutes, you get it. When you say I want it installed saturday at 9:30... ...And they showed up at 9:30. 
[ Male Announcer ] BINGO! YOU GET IT. This family gets it. This building gets it. This stadium gets it. This guy does not get it. And he is so bummed... But don't take our word for it... Ask a friend, ask a neighbor, or anyone else who's got it. I got it when you could dvr a television show from a cab, which I think is nuts! 

[00:27:24]


[ Male Announcer ] AND SEE WHY MILLIONS HAVE ALREADY SWITCHED TO FiOS. There's never been a better time to get it. Get our best price online guaranteed for a year, call the verizon center with no annual contract. For customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. Once you've got it, you get it. 
[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: We're back. And now we're exploring the world of alternative health. Part eastern healer, part indiana jones. A controversial eth know botism in scours remote jungles searching for the fountain of youth. Meet this man who says the earth's fruits and flowers will help you live longer. Chris kilham. He's known as the medicine hunter. Chris kilham treks the globe, uncovering nature's most hidden healing powers to find the fountain of youth. 
>> I go to foreign cultures. I identify traditional remedies. I think that nature provides a cure for everything. 
Dr. Oz: He's explored more than 30 countries. Bringing rare remedies from the far corners of the earth into the mainstream. 
>> When I'm in the andies or the amazon or a boat on a river, it's pretty exhilarating. But there's the added fact that some good is going to come out of it for a lot of people. When you cut the bark of this tree, it starts to bleed this blood-red latex. If you've got a bite, a burn, a sting, an infection, you rub this stuff on and it creates this kind of white latex patch. 
Dr. Oz: Kilham's not afraid to go to extremes in his search. He's eaten bees and scorpion in china. Fired blow guns with natives of the amazon. Even learned traditional war dances with pacific islanders. But he finds some of his biggest inspirations right here at home, in the herb closet he's filled with plants he's found around the world. 
>> This is what I like to refer to as the shamen's pharmacy. Here's a root for reproduction. This is especially good for brain function. My mission with me disnal plants is to ensure that more people have access to these remedies. 

[00:29:39]


Dr. Oz: Has chris kilham found the secret to the fountain of youth? 
[Applause] medicine hunter chris kilham is here. What is keeping americans from <- tasting the fountain of youth? 
>> Well, one of the sad factors actually, dr. Oz, is that the drugs that we are using are killing us. Now, when you look at mortality data, the top five things that kill people, pharmaceuticals are in that list. I personally believe that drugs should heal not harm. We are natural beings. We've evolved with plants for millions of years. We have not evolved with synthetic toxic compounds for millions of years. We put them in our bodies, bad things happen. They cause what we call side effects. When they happen to you, they're not a side effect. They're a real effect happening in your body. So we have high cases of mortality, more than handguns, her win, crack cocaine, -- haren, crack cocaine, car accidents, all put together, multiplied by five. 
Dr. Oz: Do you feel strongly about marm suit cal drugs? 
>> Oh, no. Yes, absolutely. 
Dr. Oz: Do you think we shouldn't take any? Sn 
>> no. I do believe any strongly and my belief is based on good sthinse most of the human ills that can be treated in any way can be done much more effectively and safely with herbs. 
Dr. Oz: We've brought a couple of chris' favorite ones. The first one surprised me. Because many of you have this. It actlly grows in your backyard. I think of it as a weed. It is dandelion. Why do you like this so much? 
>> Dandelion, think liver dee intoxicatefication. It's a traditional remedy, you go out in the spring, you pick dantline, you eat the greens which contain bitter principles, you know bitters? Bitters remedies are for detoxifying the liver. Now, you can put the greens in salad. They taste good. You can put them in stir fries. You take the root, you can make a tea out of it. You can also buy, I see you've got a box of dandelion root tee here and we have bags for -- tea here and we have bags for experimentation. 

[00:31:53]


Dr. Oz: It's bitter all right. 
>> Just a wee bit. Not a big bitter fan, right? 
Dr. Oz: This is pretty bitter. 
>> But bitters in general are very good for the liver. The liver is our primary organ of detoxification. We have to keep flushing out at that times -- fats and toxins and dandelion helps us do that. 
Dr. Oz: It has to help the liver. That's how we keep our body withies clean. Who shouldn't be taking this? 
>> There's really nobody it's not right for. Although pretty much every company who sells health products will be required by their insurance company to say pregnant and lacktating women should not use this. They're just obliged if they want to have an insurance policy. 
Dr. Oz: This is again a garden of youth solution. We're covering things that chris kilham think are the most value frble his travels around the world and they happen to be available here. 
>> This is also known as holy basil and people who use it in cookery call it hop basil. It's not your regular basil. It's got a nice smell but it's different from regular base le. 
-- Basil. This is from the 5,000-year-old indian system of irveta. They call it the incomparable one. Now, all chronic degenerative diseases, like I'm speaking to the master on this, but they all involve inflammation. This is excellent for reducing systemic inflammation. It's also antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal. 
Dr. Oz: Who should be taking this? 
>> Anybody who wants to reduce the risk of inflammatory disereds and -- disorders and you can grow this plant. In your garden. You can use the leaves, you can make pes toe out of this stuff, actual will -- pesto out of this stuff, actually. You can put it in salads, you can cook it. If you don't want, that you can get tulsi supplements. In natural food stores. 

[00:33:57]


Dr. Oz: The next is racci mushrooms them. Look like cookies. 
>> This is called the mushroom of immortality in traditional chinese medicine. 
Dr. Oz: I like that. Very good branding. 
>> There we go. We're spot on in the longevity topic here. It is powerful for the immune system. Think bomb-proof immune system, think this. 
Dr. Oz: How do you eat it? 
>> You have to boil. This you can make a broth out of this or you can get racci mushroom tea. Going to be the same thing. You're going to boil that. And as a last resort you can also get mushroom supplements. 
Dr. Oz: I like this more than the dandelion tea. I could do this. 
>> It takes a little bit like soil, doesn't it? 
Dr. Oz: A little bit like dirt, but it's mushrooms. Again, are these available everywhere? You can buy the pills? 
>> You can buy capsuals and tablets of this extract, you can get the tea and if you're anywhere near a chinatown or anywhere near the internet these days you can buy the mushrooms. 
Dr. Oz: All right. Coming up, if you're not drinking it already, find out why you should be. Why coughee may add years to your life. Stay with us. 
>> Up next, the first thing you can do to live longer. Drink coffee. The second thing -- 
>> the unsung longevity food of all time. 
>> Is probably in your pantry. And later -- 
dr. Oz: Will you gain 10 years of life. 
>> This ancient secret you'll want to know. think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. ] bars. They're whole grain good... And yummy good. Real fruit pieces.12 grams of whole grains and a creamy yogurt flavored coating. Quaker yogurt granola bars. Treat yourself good. ] flavor. Experts in aroma. They're the world championship cheese judges. 

[00:37:51]


[ air horn blowing ] And while they might seem kind of odd to you -- like this guy -- we just love them. And at the 2012 championship, they awarded cracker barrel gold for cheddar for its rich, full flavor. Thanks cheese geniuses. Cracker barrel. It's cheddar, perfected. 
[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: You want to live years longer, happier and healthier? Chris kilham says it's possible in just three simple steps. The first step, shockingly, that we're supposed to do in order to live longer is drink more coffee. 
>> Yes. 
Dr. Oz: Why is that? 
>> Coffee is rich in healthy compounds of all different types. And we know from decades of research that coffee significantly lowers the risk of colon and rectal cancers. It significantly lowers the risk of parkinson's dease. It somewhat lowers the risk of alzheimer's disease. It helps to stabilize blood sugar. It helps to reduce some of the various symptoms of what we we call metabolic syndrome. And it has benefits to the cardiovascular system. 

[00:39:52]


Dr. Oz: The audience is happy now. They're all smiling. So why is it -- there's some folks, myself included, who have difficulty with the caffeine. Is that an issue? 
>> About 15% of people are caffeine intolerant and you know who you are. But you can get the benefits of coffee expect for the benefits of caffeine with decalf. 
Dr. Oz: Is there a maximum amount you should be taking a day? 
>> I'm in the two to three cups a day range in terms of recommendation. Now, you know that the difference between a medicine and a poison is the dose. One aspirin, good for relievinging a headache. 100 aspirin, good for relievinging life. Something did a study showing that 66 cups of coffee a day will kill you, so don't drink 66 cups of coffee a day. That's my strong recommendation. Stay within the -- about the 300 milligrams of total caffeine a day and we know from medistudies that that's the sweet spot. 
Dr. Oz: The second big tip you're offering every day as part of the fountain of youth approach is to eat a red onion daily. 
>> Right. I know that it's an apple a day and I'm all for apples and I eat those too but onions, as cheap as they are and as common as they are, are the unsung longevity food of all time. They lower blood lipids. It's ironic that surgeons will tell people to stop taking gingreyo supplements before surgery becse they thin blood but they won't say, oh, and stop eating onions which are vastly superior as blood thinners. Onions contain two of the most beneficial antioxidant compounds on earth. Each demonstrating -- oh, like 00 different varieties of -- 200 different varieties of health benefits. Immune enhancing. I mean, it just goes on forever. 
Dr. Oz: Why does it have to be a red onion? 
>> I like red onions. 
Dr. Oz: All right. Move on. 

[00:41:52]


>> Yellow onions are also higher in sulfur. They'll make you cry more easily but I'm a red onion fan. I admit, I recommend red onions for that purpose. 
Dr. Oz: And the best way to eat it, does it have to be raw? 
>> It does not have to be raw. Cooking will reduce the beneficial compounds in onions and garlic and that family, but the compounds are so rich to begin with, you don't have to worry about it. Eat cooked onions every day, you're in the sweet spot, you're going to do good things for your health overall and live longer. 
Dr. Oz: The last tip you're offering all us is a daily dose of turmeric. You're saying we need a really high dose of it. 
>> You see, in -- it is the yellow in curie powder, ok? And in asia and southeast asia people eat it like a vegetable. The way we would eat carrots or broccoli. They eat large quantities of it. So if you chop it up by the kilo and you cook it in your food and you eat that regularly4 it's just not our habit to do so, you don't need supplements. But the active compounds in the group, the stuff that makes the root orange that you see there, that's called kircumin. Concentrated circumin supplements will provide a very significant antiinflammatory benefit, systemic, without the nasty side effects like death. Which nobody really wants. And here's the interesting thing about how this compares with drugs. Drugs may in fact do what they're supposed to do, reduce inflammation, but then there's a whole cascade of negative effects. Circumin definitely reduces inflammation and then it provides a whole host of benefits. So it's really a -- working its way up through the entire body. So I'm a big fan of about 500 milligrams of circumin extract daily and if you have pain, like I have pain from martial arts injury, sometimes I take more. In place of a painkiller. 

[00:43:57]


Dr. Oz: How do you know if you're getting the right stuff? 
>> You know, it's poorly absorbed. There are two extracts that different companies put in their supplements. One is called mireva. The other is called bcm-95. I would look for either of those on the ingredient panel to know that you're getting something that's very well absorbed because they've done their clinical studies. 
Dr. Oz: I like that. A different way of taking it. I think we've talked about it in the food for quite a bit. 
>> I love turmeric. The way you're supposed to do it, you're supposed to take a bunch of that, chop it up and boil it in faulty buffalo milk and drink it -- fatty buffalo milk and drink it. 
Dr. Oz: We'll, working on. That the secret -- we'll be working on that. Next, the secret of the fountain of youth. ] freshener proven to keep living spaces filled with fragrance. INTRODUCING gde Expressions oil diffuser. The simple and easy way to reveal light layers of juicy pineapple and exotic mangosteen that fill the air and open your home, artfully designed to fit with any decor, which means, whatever room you find yourself in, you can find long-lasting fragran and refills last up to 30 days. gde Expressions oil diffuser. Sc johnson. A family company. sleeve. 

[00:45:58]


VO: For cold and flu season, there's Clorox bleach. New pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY? 5-hour ENERGY supports the avon Foundation for Women Breast Cancer Crusade. So I can get the energized feeling I need and support a great cause? I'm sold. Pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY? Yeah and a portion of every sale goes to the Avon Foundation for Women Breast Cancer Crusade. I'm sold. New pink lemonade 5-hour ENERGY. Get the alert, energized feeling you need and support breast cancer research and access to care. gray, but kate -- still looks like...Kate. Nice'n easy with colorblend technology gives expert highlights and lowlights. For color that's true toou. I don't know how she does it. With nice'n easy, all they see is you. 
[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: I'm back with medicine hunter chris kilham sharing his secrets of the shamans. The ancient healers who discovered the fountain of youth. The first secret is called chanting. You know what that is but you have special insights into this. 
>> I actually learned this particular chant when I was a teenager. The thing about chanting and singing, people who sing are often quite happy. You don't typically see sad musicals. I guess you see a few. But singing and chanting are good for the lungs, they're good for the immune system. Good for the cardiovascular system. I think the longest lived profession of people is orchestra conductors. They're in music all the time. So there's this chant from the native people that are part of the sioux nation, they're based in oklahoma and kansas, and the pronounceation is -- [speaking foreign language] and thanks chant that is expressing gratitude for being alive. And I'm going to do this, if simon cowell is not in the audience. 

[00:48:17]


Dr. Oz: Want to do it together? 
>> I'll do it once and then we'll do it together twice. 
[Chanting in foreign language] chanting has been part of the lifestyle of people for thousands of years. All different kinds of chants. Some of them religious and spiritual, some of them for things like week ofing or harvesting -- weaving or harvesting. You can use chanting any time. Get up in the morning or -- and chant or sing. 
Dr. Oz: And the final secret of the shamans is the five tibetans. 
>> I've been practicing yoga daily for 43 years. I've been practicing the five tibetans daily for 35 years. 
Dr. Oz: How old are you? 60. 
Dr. Oz: Are you really? 
[Cheers and applause] all right, come show me how to do this. 
>> Nexttime I'm going to say I'm 72. So we're going to do just two of the five tibetans because I know we don't have time. First one you kind of consider like pushups for the inner ear. When people get old, what happens is their balance mechanism gets weak, they fall down and break things. If you will do this particular technique every day you'll keep your balance strong. You start out with your arms straight out to the sides, your body is upright, and you spin clockwise and do this at a pace that is good for you so that you don't dish used to break furniture when I started doing this. 
Dr. Oz: How many are we doing? 
>> Just a few. A few. And take a couple of deep breaths. First few times you practice this you might feel a little dizzy. After a couple of weeks of practice, that goes away. You do all of these maximum of 21 times. We just did three or four. 

[00:50:26]


Dr. Oz: You make a point here. Chris argues that if do you this, which takes less than 10 minutes, will you gain 10 years of life. 10 minutes a day turns into 10 years of life, return on that investment. 
>> The only way I can prove, that given that the life expectancy for many in this country is 76, if I live to be 86 I want to be back on this show. 
Dr. Oz: You're on. This is the second move. 
>> This is the second of the five tibetans. You start out on your back. Palms are flat on the ground. You inhale and as do you you brick your legs and your head up 
-- bring your legs and head up by lower spine on the ground. Tucking your chin into the chest. Exhale down. Again inhaling up. Exhaling down. And one more time for good measure. Exhaling down. 
Dr. Oz: And do you this seven times in the begin and build it up to 21 times. 
>> Build up to 21. Now this good for increasing spinal fluid flow to the brain, good for stimulating the thyroid because of the pressure on the neck. Good for stimlathe the spinal nerves. Strengthens the abdomen. Also enhances digestion. 
Dr. Oz: Wonderful. We're going to give all these moves to everybody. We're going to make it a full lesson and a 10-minute movie we're going to make together showing all of the five tibetans. Go to doctoroz.Com to see that. Let's summarize where we've gone today. The fountain of youth exists somewhere between eastern and western medicine. Discoveries in both science and nature are being made daily. And they are promising us a better future. The reason I could do this show is to give you the tools available today so you can live your longest, healthiest life. Because you have that power. Up next, the ultimate longevity food. Wait until you find out what it is. Your sweet tooth is going to thank me. ?????? ?????? 

[00:52:45]


[ Female Announcer ] THOSE WHO LOOK TO FUEL Body and mind with the simplest of grains, they are not hard to find. Just four ingredients, it all starts here. Just as it was back 100 years. From the seed to the spoon, simple things go into every flake, every bite, genuine, true. THE Simple Grains CEREALS FROM Kellogg's. Start Simple. Start Right. FiOS, tv, better phone, better internet. It was like somebody like took our computer, shook all the junk out of it. We're actually getting more for our money WITH FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S TIME TO GET MORE For your money. UPGRADE TO VERIZON FiOS INTERNET, TV AND Phone with our best price online. Just $84.99 a month, guaranteed for one year with no annual contract. There's at least three computers. 
[ Girl 1 ] A TABLET. [ Woman 1 ] COUPLE OF Gaming systems. We could all be running at the same time. We do not notice any dips. 
[ Male Announcer ] GET TV RATED #1 IN CUSTOMER Satisfaction. And get the school year off to a great start with america's fastest, most consistent and most reliable internet. Internet is absolutely imperative for school nowadays. Look up this, write an essay on that. MY LIFE IS GREATLY IMPROVED BECAUSE OF FiOS. 

[00:54:55]


[ Male Announcer ] MOVE UP TO FiOS TODAY For just $84.99 a month for a year. With no annual contract, there's no reason to wait. YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GET FiOS. 
[ Male Announcer ] VISIT VERIZON.COM/WHYFIOS Now and see if you qualify for a $5 amazon gift card. There's no purchase necessary. WELCOME TO LIFE ON FiOS. CONTACT THE VERIZON Center for customers with disabilities at 800-974-6006 tty/v. 
[Cheers and applause] 
dr. Oz: Have your chocolate and eat it too. You can. Because chocolate can help you live longer. People who eat more chocolate, you like that, don't you? 
[Cheers and applause] thought you would have. People who eat more chocolate have about 30% less heart disease and strokes. Chocolate lowers your cholesterol, your blood pressure, keeps your inflammation down and people who eat chocolate tend to weigh less. So, chocolate's a health food. It's got to be enjoyed in moderation and I want you to eat an ounce or two of at least every day. At least 70% dorkchack lot. I don't want all that candy stuff. And I love when you get creative with how to prepare it. Look at these wonderful examples we got from some of our viewers. This is a bus. 
-- Bust of me. 
[Cheers and applause] you like that? Does it have the chin? Is it close? I could bite his nose off. It smells wonderful, by the way. Then I love this one. It's a chocolate logo and I got to say, I love the way that they dipped my favorite foods in chocolate next to it. I have appry cots here which i adore an almonds. Any nuts in chocolate I can't get away from. But one of the most creative offerings today was made by zenobia. It's a chocolate poop chart. Now, any of you ever think you've seen this before? A chocolate perfect poop chart? I don't know how I feel about this one. It does look tasty and appealing but not in the right context. You're a mom of three. Do you make your kids eat their chocolate like this? 

[00:56:58]


>> I don't make them. They want to because it's chocolate. They don't care if it's poop. It's good. 
Dr. Oz: Why do you create a poop chart? 
>> Because I have three kids that poop a lot. So I wanted to show them in a fun, creative way how their poop would look when they eat certain things. 
Dr. Oz: How long it did it take to you make this? 
>> An hour. Less than an hour. 
Dr. Oz: What's your favorite shape? Actually what is your shape? 
>> Oh, gosh. Probably the snake. Smooth snakelike one. 
Dr. Oz: This one. 
>> Yeah. Is this pretty typical for you? 
Dr. Oz: What's your favorite to eat? 
>> I would say the one -- the softest shape but lumpy. 
Dr. Oz: I think -- we it do a couple of these. 
-- We can do a couple of these. I sort of get this sometimes and like the sausage. The sausage is pretty good. A little crack to the sausage. Very subtle things. This is a perfect rendition what have a poop chart should look like. Log onto doctoroz.Com to share your own chocolate creations. I'll see you here next time. 

[00:59:13]


>> "Fox 29 news" in hd brought to you by xfinity only from comcast. ???????????? 
>> right now on "fox 29", two cases of missing children. 
>> While family and police still hope to find this baby alive -- a sad ending to the search for a 12 year old gloucester county girl. 
>> There's something special about... Something very special about autumn. We all know that. Thank you very much. 
>> As the tight knit community grieves investigators vow to bring justice to those responsible. 

﻿Title: The Ed Show
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Thelection. The debates are over and mitt romney looked like anything but a commander in chief last night. He came down with a real bad case of romnesia. Although he does a good job of follow the leader. This is "the ed show." 
>> We had fewer ships than in 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets. 
>> If you say that you love american cars du a debate, but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you might have romnesia. E.J. Dionne and karen finney on the debates. Nina turner on the latest republican effort to block the vote. And the great actor bradley winn ford is getting out the vote for the president in ohio d his native wisconsin. Tonight bradley joins me live on "the ed show." 
>>> Good to have you with us. We have reached the end game of the presidential election. No more debates, just two campaigns pounding the pavement trying to win every last vote. There are only a few states left on the playing field. This morning president obama got a high five and a big hug from scott, the one who bear hugged the president last month. 
>> We had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least stage three romnesia. I just want to go over some of the symptoms because I want to make sure nobody in the surrounding area catches it. If you say that you love american cars during a debate but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you might have romnesia. If y talk about how much you love teachers during a debate, but said just a few weeks ago that we shouldn't hire anymore because they won't grow the economy, what do you have? 

[00:02:34]


>> Romnesia. 
>> The president is fired up, but it's not all fun and games. The president and vice president told a crowd in ohio mitt romney's flip-flops are deadly serious. 
>> We joke about governor romney being all over the map, but it speaks to something important. It speaks of trust. There's no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trust. Trust matters. 
>> President obama has been raising the trust question about mitt romney in the past two debates. Romney and paul ryan hit the trail in nevada to deflect the president's criticism. 
>> We have gone through four debates with the vice presidential debate and my debates, and we haven't heard an agenda for the president and that's why his campaign is taking on water and our campaign is full speed ahead. 
>> Romney keeps saying the president has no agenda. He's ignoring the president's stump speeches, the dnc platform, and legislation president obama tried to get through congress. Romney is also ignoring this new campaign ad from president obama. 
>> Here's my plan for the next four years. Making education and training a national priority, building on our manufacturing boom, boosting american-made energy, reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more, and ending the war in afghanistan to do some nation building here at home. 
>> President obama is trying to keep romnesia from infecting the american people so he's showing his plan in writing. 
>> Last night and throughout this campaign, I've laid out a plan for jobs and middle class security. Unlike mitt romney, I'm proud to talk about what's in my plan. Because first of all, the math actually adds up. 
>> The obama campaign is contributing more than 3 million copies of the plan in swing states. It's strange for mitt romney to pretend that he doesn't have a plan because last night during the foreign policy debate, mitt romney seemed to agree with almost every plan the president has. 

[00:04:53]


>> I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. We don't want another iraq. We don't want another afghanistan. That's not the right course for us. I'd have put the sanctions in place earlier, but it's good we have them. Drones are being use and i support that entirely. We're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president, weal make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> Can we come to the conclusion that mitt romney was out of his league in foreign policy in the debate last night? He was reduced to generic talking points and bland platitudes like this claim about an apology tour. 
>> Then the president began what I called an apology tour of going to various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. They looked at that and saw weakness. Then when there was dissidence in the streets of tehran, the president was silent. 
>> Nothing mitt romney just said was true, starting with the notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that's been told during the course of this campaign. And every fact checker and every reporter has looked at it. The governor has said this is not true. 
>> Romney backed offis tough talk on china. Suddenly he was the biggest appeaser in the room. 
>> We can be a partnerh china. We don't have to be an adversary, in any way, shape or form. If they are willing to be responsible. 
>> Romney offered no real answers about our presence in this part of the world. I think americans will find this troubling, and I'll have more to say about this with sherrod brown later in this broadcast. Romney's worst moment of the night came when he tried to attack the president over the military budget. 
>> We don't know what the world is going to throw at us down the road. We make decisions today in the military that will confront challenges we can't imagine. We have to make decisions based on uncertainty. And that means a strong military. 
>> The president's response exposed mitt romney as a lot of hot air. 
>> Governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy and we have fewer ships than in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have aircraft carriers. With we have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines, the question is not a game of battleship. It's what are our capabilities. 

[00:07:22]


>> What's the bottom line? The president was telling the country this guy doesn't have a clue when it comes to national security and foreign policy. Many people say mitt romney passed the commander in chief test after the first debate in denver. Last night, he flunked the exam, the final exam big time. Get your cell phones out. Tonight's question, is mitt romney up to the challenges of commander in chief? Text a for yes and b for no. You can always go to our blog. We have the results coming up later on in this broadcast. Joining me tonight is richard wolffe, msnbc political analyst. Richard, we have a number of differenings that all of a sudden mitt romney agrees with president obama on, but the one most glaring was afghanistan. Will this have an impact in the final two weeks? 
>> Well, let's just remember just how much of a back flip-flop he does last night. He's a guy that said no timeline, but he has a timeline without an end date. Suddenly we have an end date. Normal candidates do not try and release new policies in debates. We have seen it now in three debates he's tried to do this. It's great that the president throws it out there and tries to point out these changes, last-minute reversals, but more than that, what we saw last night was -- bill clinton said strong and wrong, weak and right. Last night we had weak and wrong against strong and right. It was the projection of weakness from mitt romney both on the substance and the way he was changing his policy that i think was the hardest piece of him. People don't ustand the policy of foreign policy. They do understand character. 
>> What unfolded earlier in the debate was benghazi. For the last month and a half, we have heard the conservatives say that there's a conspiracy, there was a cover-up, that the administration is not being forthcoming with the american people. Romney had a shot, again. Why didn't he take it? 

[00:09:30]


>> Because he got crushed the week before. He could have relitigated. I expected him to relitigate it. But his strategy, as far as anyone could tell, was to hug the president, one big group session and say I like him only more so. That's the kind of position you have when you think you are winning this race. You don't want to mess up. It's an incredible reversal because that's where the president was in the first debate. We saw how badly that turned out for him. If you have a three-point lead and that's going to carry you through, you end up doing this kind of stupid tactic and that looks bad because there's no difference between you. 
>> And romney's camp was spinning last night as a victory for him. What about that? I mean, do they really think the american people are that stupid? 
>> No, they think the press is that stupid. When the media reports on body language, this is the worst time for any reporter on the campaign trail. There's no events, there's no more news and all you've got is this kind of spin. When the campaign goes out and says we're going to lose, that's news. 
>> Right wing media is doing a spin job. Check out fox news's assessment of romney's performance. 
>> Was it decisive for you? 
>> No. He didn't win the debate. 
>> So he didn't win the debate? 
>> No. Nobody won. It was so boring. It was the most boring debate i have ever seen. 59 million people watched it so maybe they thought there was something interesting in there. There was a massive role reversal. For decades republicans have said we are strong on foreign policy and defense. You know where we stand. That was the bush premise. What we saw last night is we have no idea where mitt romney stands. The president, you may disagree with parts of it, but projecting strength, it was a role reversal for democrats. 
>> I thought he was going to revert back to dick cheney highlight films and say 're not on a war footing. He could have pulled out the old rhetoric and slipped it past a lot of people. Why didn't he take that direction? 

[00:11:43]


>> The president doesn't like the whole politics of fear. I don't know that mitt romney -- when you saw him come up with the details about mali and the terrorist threat in mali or the state of the navy in the first world war, this is guy who has been cramming on the briefing books and had no real plan. 
>> Richard wolffe, great to have you with us, thanks so much. Remember to answer tonight's question. Share your thoughts on twitter @edshow and on facebook. 
>>> Coming up, with only two weeks remaining, what must they do to win? What do they have to do to win? Karen finney and e.J. Dionne coming up with the discussion. wife day: I bet you that we could save money by switching to a cheaper detergent than tide. The clothes didn't come out aslean and even I could tell. And now he's doing laundry all month. With tide, obviously. That's my tide. What's yours? ] debt. Not everyone caunderstand it. The worry. The endless collection calls. We know what it's like... To be in your shoes. We're the providers OF CareOne DEBT RELIEF SERVICES. BERNIE DANCEL, WHO CREATED CareOne, Has been in your shoes. He once had his own battle with debt, which motivated him to start what is now the nation's largest brand of debt relief services. So call right now to speak to someone who understands -- and get your free customized plan. Our certified personal finance counselors have helped over 5 million people just like you. It's not a loan. It's not bankruptcy. It's debt consolidation with a payment you can afford. And we stand by our service with a 6-month money back guarantee, so there's no risk to you. We've been there. And we can help. Call us right now for your free customized plan. Or, visit us online. CareOne. WE KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE IN Your shoes. 

[00:14:25]


>>> Coming up, the obama camp shows some confidence when it comes to polling in key swing states. Karen finney and e.J. Dionne. We have an apology coming from the romney camp tonight. 
>>> Then mitt romney tries to airbrush history while the president lays out the facts on outsourcing and his poli on china. We'll have the details. 
>>> And later former west wing actor bradley whitford joins me to discuss workers rights in california. Share your thoughts on facebook and twitter using #edshow. eight princesses. I'm an expert on softball. And tea parties. I'll have more awkward conversations than I'm equipped for because I'm raising two girls on my own. I'll worry about the economy more than a few times before they're grown. But it's for them, so I've found a way. Who matters most to you says the most about you. Massmutual is ow by our policyholders so they matter most to us. Massmutual. We'll help you get there. 
>>> I found it interesting with a couple weeks until the election, it's amazing how mitt romney would go on the debate stage and basically surrender on foreign policy. It's an interesting tactic of someone who wants to be the leader of the free world. National polls are close, but the electoral map is not so close. Here's the latest nbc news battleground map. The blue states are obama and the red states are solid romney. That's 243 electoral votes for president obama. 206 electoral votes for mitt romney. Seven battleground states remain. Of the seven, if president obama wins ohio and wisconsin, he goes over the top winning reelection. On a conference call today, obama campaign manager said, we are tied or ahead in every battleground state, and we're not leaving any state where we're tied or ahead. Senior strategist david axelrod said, we know what we know. They know what we know. I'm confident we're going to win this race. We'll show who is bluffing and who isn't in two weeks. Bring it on. One more thing is certain. President obama is bearing down in the final setch. 

[00:17:37]


>> We're accustomed to seeing politicians change their positions from like four years ago. We're not accustomed to seeing them change from four days ago. 
>> Let's turn to karen finney, msnbc political analyst, and e.J. Dionne, msnbc contributor and author of "our divided political heart." Karen, you first. What was romney's strategy last night, and how poorly was it executed? Because it looked to me like a total surrender. It was like go out there, don't make a mistake and let's turn to the next two weeks. What about that? 
>> Every single time schieffer said they were moving on, romney looked so relieved because he seemed like, thank god, this thing is almost over. I'll tell you what I think their strategy was. It was interesting listening to the spin. His folks were saying he didn't want to fight president obama. He was going to talk about his vision. I think that they've got some numbers back from the second debate that a lot of voters, particularly women voters, did not like how flat-out rude he was to the president and some of the behavioral things where he literally, physically seemed like he was trying to bully president obama. And so I think they had some numbers internally that said you better tone it down for the last debate. So I think that's what's more likely what was going on here. 
>> E.J., Are you expecting the romney camp to come out with new commercials that mitt romney agrees with the president on a number of foreign policy issues? There's enough material there for mitt. 
>> I'm going to imitate romney and say I agree with everything karen just said. I think it is a real challenge to the obama campaign. I have been watching campaigns for a long time. I don't think I've ever seen a candidate throw so many positions overboard so quickly and also mislead about what his past positions were as he did on the auto bailout. And the obama campaign has to stay on this because clearly they got a last-minute remake going here, and they've got prevent that remake from taking hold. I think you saw it in the speech today, and you'll keep seeing it. 

[00:20:03]


>> We can come to the conclusion that the president has won the last two debates. If you look at mitt romney, his performance has declined over three debates. He started high and took it south from there. Does that kind of momentum or does that kind of performance affect the campaign, karen? 
>> Well, look. I think initially they did a good job of taking advantage of the momentum out of the first debate. But I don't think they'll have enough road, there's only two weeks, to convince voters that he's this newfangled person. They are saying, wait a second. I was on the call, and one of the points these guys made that I thought was very important is we're not talking about the increases in voter registration numbers. Republicans are betting on lower turnout from african-american and latino voters, and there are eight million more registered latino voters this cycle than four years ago. So that's a silly assumption for them to be making. They are making a lot of false assumptions. If you look at where the president is ahead in early voting, he's ahead of his own record. So I think the story is president obama has real momentum in the early vote period. 
>> And of course, on that conference call, jim mecina said every single day now is election day. As you mentioned in that early vong in ohio and wisconsin and iowa is also very strong. E.J., Is that going to be enough? Is this a sign of momentum that's going to carry through for president obama? What do you think? 
>> First of all, I think there's a big debate out there who has the momentum. I think romney had it after the first debate and started losing it after the second. But what karen said is important. African-american and latino turnout is going to be a very big deal, which also means that voter suppression efforts on election day are going to be a very big deal. And I think looking ahead, if you are in the obama campaign or in a civil rights group, being ready for what could be a difficult election day is one of the things that should be right at the top of their to-do list. 

[00:22:21]


>> This just into us. You may have seen this video of romney and president obama talking on the stage after the debate last night. We are told that tag apologized for saying that he wanted to take a swing at the president during their second debate. He told a north carolina right wing talk show host when he asked how he felt when the president was calling his dad a liar on stage. He said he wanted to go down and take a swing at him. The apology came last night. Dad was standing there and heard it. Was it it overdue? 
>> It was overdue, and my mother said you don't get points for doing what you're supposed to do. It's great he apologized, but he shouldn't have said it in the first place and of course, he should have apologized. 
>> Was that dad talking right there? 
>> Good for him for apologizing, although, you shouldn't do stuff you have to apologize for, but he's on message. He's the kinder, gentler mitt romney. You saw it in that apology after. They do have message discipline. 
>> I do believe in apologies. I would say that tag romney did the right thing last night. Karen finney, e.J. Dionne, great to have you with us tonight. Thanks so much. 
>>> Coming up, the most intense issue of the debate. Romney goes on the defensive. Find out what got both candidates just so revved up. 
>>> And it all comes down to the buckeye state, ohio. Who is going to win this state? Ohio state senator nina turner will weigh in on a number of different issues. Stay with us. You're watching "the ed show" on msnbc. aflac to provide a better benefits package... Oahhh! 

[00:24:35]


[ Male Announcer ] IT MADE A BIG SPLASH WITH The employees. 
[ Duck yelling ] 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. ?????? ?????? ha ha! ?????????First Life????????? Eyes You're not just looking for a house. You're looking for a place for your life to happen. 

[00:27:39]


>>> Governor romney, you keep on trying to airbrush history. 
>> Welcome back to "the ed show." One of the most contentious topics from last night's debate strikes at the heart of what this election is about for workers. The candidates clashed over shipping jobs to china. Romney is good at that. The the moderator asked romney if threatening china could ignite a trade war. 
>> They sell us about this much stuff every year. And we sell them about this much stuff every year. It's pretty clear who doesn't want a trade war. There's one going on right now, which we don't know about. And they are winning 
>> romney likes to whine about china, but the president didn't let him get away with it. 
>> Governor romney is right. You are familiar with jobs being shipped overas because you invested in companies shipping jobs overseas. 
>> Romney wants to label china a currency manipulator. But under president obama, exports have doubled. He created a trade enforcement task force to prosecute china for cheating. He's also building regional relationships to pressure china to play fair. And there's one other trade policy the president reminded romney about last nit. 
>> If we had taken your advice about the auto industry, we would be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. 
>> Romney wrote the op-ed advocating the automobile industry should go bankrupt. He said we could, quote, kiss the automobile industry good-bye if it got government stimulus money and government assistance." Now the industry is thriving. Romney claims he supported the auto rescue all along. 
>> I said they need these companies, need to go through a managed bankruptcy, and in that process they can get government help. 
>> That's not what you said. 
>> You can take a look at the op-ed. 
>> You did not say you would provide government help. 
>> I said we would provide guarantees and that's what was able to allow the companies to go through bankruptcy and come out of bankruptcy. Under no circumstances would i do anything other than to help this industry get on its feet. The idea has been suggested i would liquidate the industry. 

[00:29:57]


>> Let's check the record. 
>> I want to keep the industry going and thriving. 
>> There were no private equity markets available at the time. The economy was that bad. There were no takers. There weren't mitt romneys around willing to take 10 cents on a dollar. What's a guarantee if there's no cash? It takes money to buiskey, doesn't it? The people in detroit don't forget. Auto workers accuse the battleground state of ohio, i don't think they are going to forget either. Let's turn to senator sherrod brown of ohio. Great to have you with us tonight. 
>> Good to be back. 
>> This is mitt romneying to reinvent himself on the automobile loan, which of course, was risky business politically for the president. Is romney's stance on this auto industry hurting him in ohio or helping him? 
>> It's the primary reason that romney just can't get traction in this state. I'm talking to you from cleveland. It's northeast ohio, but all of ohio. We're an auto state. We're a food processing state. We're a medical device state. But we know what this meant to ohio. Look at it this way. Our unemployment rate in ohio, at the time the auto rescue took hold was 10.5%. Today it's down to 7%. That's not good enough, but it's auto rescue, it's enforcement and trade rules. We have a new steel mill in youngstown. We have tires in finley. The president mentioned that last night. Our state is on the move in part because manufacturing is coming back. That's led, always led by auto. When manufacturing grows, it's usually auto-led when the economy comes back. I remember those days well in late 2008. The republicans supported it in ohio. Then in 2009, it was an unpopular vote but we knew we had to do it. President obama took a big political risk. We knew we had to do it. The state is doing a lot better because of it. 

[00:32:02]


>> There were no sheldon adelsons around to write the check. There were no private equity markets, correct? 
>> Yeah, that's what's so bogus. My opponent called me un-american for voting it. Whatever his thinking is there. But if we had not done the structured bankruptcy and taxpayer investments in the auto industry, nobody else was stepping up. It was too high risk. No billionaires, no hedge fund companies, no investors wanted to put big money in the auto industry because it was billions of dollars and the risks were too high. There were better places to put your money than in this industry. So it had to be done. You can argue around the edges, but this made a huge -- this state right here would have been in a depression, but it's now seen an unemployment rate drop 3.5%. It's going in the right direction. 
>> Why is romney doing this? Is he doing it because he's just in trouble with, you know, white workers in ohio and the lunch bucket democrats out there paying attention? 
>> I don't know. I don't know why he was against it. His dad was a car guy. I don't know what goes into romney's positions on anything. They kind of move back and forth. I know it took courage on the president's part. It took bipartisanship. This was a great example of what you should do. It was bipartisan. It was the public and government working with the private sector and it was all about the middle class. We did all of those things and that's why we have seen for the first time in ten years, we have seen manufacturing job growth almost every month for the last two years. 500,000 new manufacturing jobs grown in this country. 
>> Does the president win on china issues in ohio? 
>> The president wins on china because he's been the most aggressive in enforcing trade rules. He's been more aggressive in enforcing trade rules than any president since reagan. Steel jobs in cleveland and lorraine, I could point all over the state because we enforce trade rules. We need to stop the tax breaks for outsourcing jobs to china and mexico and anywhere else. We know what we have to do. We need congress to do it and work with the president and make it happen. But enforcing trade rules one at a time actually does work and you can specifically attribute job growth to it. 

[00:34:31]


>> Well, we did this broadcast on friday night from illinois. There's a plant that's being shipped overseas, sensata, which is connected to the automobile industry. And there's a tire plant that's been saved because of president obama's stance being tough on china with the lawsuit. I think that that story speaks volumes of what is happening across america. Just who is talking tough. Nator, great to have you with us. 
>> I saw that show. It was a microcosm of what we're talking about. 
>> Senator sherrod brown, thank you. There's much more coming up, stay with us. 
>>> There's no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trust. Trust matters. 
>> The president and the vice president are heating up in ohio. Tonight the latest on the republican voter suppression with state senator nina turner. 
>>> In wisconsin, tommy thompson airs one of the most disgraceful ads you'll ever see. We'll bring you the latest attack on tammie baldwin. 
>> And bradley whitford is hitting the stump for president. He joins me live on "the ed show." Card One, Sven's Home Security GETS THE MOST REWARDS Of any small business credit card! How does this thing work? Oh, I like it! 
[ Garth ] SVEN'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS 2% Cash back on every purchas every day! Woo-hoo!!! So that's ten security gators, right? PUT THEM ON MY Spark Card! Why settle for less? Testing hot tar... Great businesses deserve the most rewards! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark Business Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with 2% cash back or double miles on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? Here's your invoice. 

[00:38:55]


>>> Two weeks from today, americans all across the country will step into the voting booth. But here in ohio, you can vote early. Here in ohio you can vote right after this event. 
>> And it does all boil down to ohio. We are back. Both candidates need the buckeye state to win and the money just keeps on pouring in. Ohio has now surpassed florida as the state that's seen the most money spent on the election. 177 million has been funneled into the state for advertising. The obama campaign's ground game is also out in full force and encouraging early voting is the key. In ohio about 20% of the vote has already been cast, and the president is leading mung early voters by double digits. Polling from quinnipiac shows 54% for obama. Yet right wingers are doing everything they can to intimidate voters. Billboards from an anonymous group were put up in minority communities in ohio and wisconsin warning, quote, voter fraud is a felony. Voter fraud is a nonexistent problem, and after the public outcry, the billboards are now being taken down. Clear channel outdoor advertising rendered the billboard space. The company says they have decided to take down the billboards because they violate company policy against anonymous political ads. They will donate ten billboards that offer a countermessage clarifying that voting is a right not a crime. Joining me is nina turner. Senator, you view this how? Is this a victory for the people? Or could these counterbillboards have helped in any way? 
>> Certainly the damage has been done and clear channel should have never allowed them to go up in the first place, but the fact we stood up and fought here in the city of cleveland and across ohio, it says a lot. The fact that all the billboards are coming down, about 150 of them across the country, is a bial. The folks who put up the billboards were cowards to target minority communities. But we're not going to let that stop us from getting out the vote. 

[00:41:24]


>> What with you hearing? Were they having an effect? Was there conversation and confusion about voter fraud? 
>> People were very concerned. As you can imagine, in some of the communies, there are ex-offenders that live in those communities. In ohio, if you are an ex-offender and you're registered to vote, you can vote. So the fact they would put a message out like that is deplorable. It makes no sense. They are out to get folks that don't exist. Voter fraud is nearly nonexistent and they know it. But they will do any rotten thing to try to suppress the vote. Especially among those most likely to vote for obama. And everyone in this country should be upset that anybody would do that and then not to have the crage to put your name behind it, shameful. 
>> Senator, if the election were held today, would president obama win ohio? Where's the enthusiasm and what are you hearing? 
>> I believe that he would, and he will. We delivered ohio to the president by 51% of the vote in 2008 and we will do it again. Citizens of this state understand that the governor romney is a shape shr. You never know from day-to-day what he beevesnd what he will say. It's good if you play doe, but not if you want to be leader of the united states. The women in the state are going to be the firewall in the state of ohio. We are forced of nature, and we understand that the president has our back. We understand that the president believes that we need to make dollar for dollar. That the children that we support want their mothers to make dollar for dollar. I'm going to tell you something. I don't know any man who doesn't want his wife to bring home that whole dollar that helps the entire family, and the president believes in that. The auto workers understand who was out there trying to save those middle class jobs. It was the president and senator sherrobrown. We're going to have the president's back in ohio. We are ready. 

[00:43:30]


>> There's a story that is circulating in the progressive community that has a lot of people concerned. Reports that tag romney, son of the candidate, has a financial interest in the voting machines, some of them that are in ohio and it's been reported he has financial interest in the voting machines in hamilton county. What's your response to this and are you concerned about it? 
>> Jusightly. I me there is an appearance here of improprioty, but the tangled web is so tangled it's hard to explain. The fact that tag romney's company has a business relaonship with a company that has a partial ownership in a company called heart inner civics and that the board members of this poll machine company -- excuse me voting machine company made donations to the campaign, folks should be a little concerned. It does appear to be kind of shady, but the fact that there are professionals on the ground, the voting machines used in state of ohio are approved by a body here that contains both democrats and republicans. So we have to continue to fight the real voter suppression going on in the state. 
>> Nina turner, always great to have you on "the ed show." Thanks so much. 
>>> The wisconsin senate race. Folks, it gets ugly. With former governor tommy thompson releasing an attack ad so despicable you won't see it on our air. Stay with us. Wooohooo....Hahaaha! Oh...there you go. Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! I'm gonna stand up to her! No you're not. I know. You know Ronny folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. How happy are they Jimmy? Happier than a witch in a broom factory. Get happy. Get GEICO. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more. grind to start her own interior design buness. She's got a growing list of clients she keeps in touch with using e-mail marketing FROM ConstantContact.com. ConstantContact IS Easy and affordable. It lets her send out updates and photos that showcase her expertise and inspire her customers for only $15 a month. 

[00:45:56]


[ Dog barking ] her dream -- to be the area's hottest interior design office. 
[ Children laughing ] right now, she just dreams of an office. Get a free trial AT ConstantContact.com. 
>>> Up next, you won't believe tommy thompson's latest attack. 
>>> And in the big finish, bradley whitford will join me to discuss his support for president obama and much more. Stay with us. 
>>> Just how desperate can Maybe new buildings? What about updated equipment? They can help, but recent research shows... ... nothing transforms schools like investing in advanced teacher education. Let's build a strong foundation. Let's invest in our teachers so they can inspire our students. Let's solve this. ] 
[ Male Announcer ] NYQUIL COLD AND FLU RELIEVES Your cough 50% longer an alka-seltzer plus night cold and flu. 
[ snoring continues ] 
[ Male Announcer ] BECAUSE SNORING Sounds better than coughing. If you can't take a sick day, here's a cold hard fact. Alka-seltzer plus cold & cough may cause marked drowsiness. Try dayquil cold and flu for non-drowsy relief of these symptoms. Ugh! 
[ Male Announcer ] SO YOU CAN SAVE THE DAY, Not worry about falling asleep. ?????? ?????? 

[00:48:34]


>>> just how desperate can candidates get? Well, the wisconsin senate race took a turn for the ugly today when former governor tommy thon releasing an attack ad so despicable we're not going to show it on this program. It accuses tammie baldwin of voting against honoring the victims of 9/11. Military victims speak over images of waving flags and the ruins of the world trade center. Then comes this headline from the capital times. Baldwin rejects 9/11 tribute. As factcheck.Org points out, it fails to include the sub header. She's cast one of 22 "no" votes. Republicans crafted a memorial resolution that also paid tribute to controversial republican legislation like the patriot act. So democrats had a choice. Vote for a resolution praising legislation they oppose or vote against it and be painted as unpatriotic. It was a trap set six years ago. Baldwin said at the time and she was very clear "on the the fifth anniversary of the worst attack on american soil, my republican colleagues have politicized what should have been a solemn and sincere resolution. This bill was transformed from a memorial resolution to an endorsement of president bush's failed policies. The republicans showed disrespect to 9/11 victims by playing politics with something as solemn as the fifth anversary of 9/11. To the record, and to keep it straight, tammy baldwin has supported nine resolutions honoring victims of 9/11. Tommy thompson is just the latest republican playing politics with the tragedy of 9/11. But what do you expect from a former bush administration official? It's dishonest, disrespectful, and I hope the people of wisconsin hold him accountable. 

[00:50:51]


>>> Tonight in our survey, i asked you, is mitt romney up to the challenges of commander-in-chief? 2% said yes. 98% said no. 
>>> We're two weeks out from election day and celebrities are jumping in to help. Brad whitford has been out stumping for the president. We're talking to him next here on "the ed show." Stay with us. day swing begins with back pain and a choice. Take advil, and maybe have to take up to four in a day. Or take aleve, which can relieve pain all day with just two pills. Good eye. hair painful? Challenge that with new Olay Facial Hair Removal Duo. A two-step process that r even coarse, stubborn facial hair gently. Plenty of gain, without all that pain... With Olay. running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, WE'RE TEAMING UP WITH COMPANIES LIKE Cisco To help make sure everyone's ready with the know how we need for a new tomorrow. 

[00:54:31]


[ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. ?????? ?????? 
>>> you can choose to turn back the clock 50 years for women and immigrants and gays, or you can say in this election we believe that everybody's got a place in america. We want to make sure everybody's got opportunity no matter who you are. I'm asking you to help me finish the job. I believe in you, and I need you to keep believing in me. 
>> And in the big finish tonight, a couple weeks out, stakes couldn't be higher. Celebrities are joining the fight to help reelection president obama. Our next guest is democratic activist brad whitford. He's been traveling around the country stumping for president obama and ohio senator sherrod brown. He's also been vocal on two ballot issues in his home state of california. The first measure is great for teachers and students. Prop 30 would provide $9 billion to fund public education in the the state of california. Meanwhile, the other measure is right out of scott walker's play book. It's prop 32. That would stop unions from donating to political campaigns. Democrats are worried about voter turnout because the commanding lead could be a problem for him. So whitford teamed up with the courage campaign to inform voters with this video. 
>> This year the gop wants to pass one initiative. Prop 32 would basically allow huge corporations to dominate state elections wild leaving middle class californians in the dust. 
>> The gop wants to crush prop 30, an initiative to save our public schools from budget cuts. 
>> Vote yes on 30, these guys will have their way with california. 

[00:56:36]


>> It sounds creep write. 
>> I'm joined by brad whitford. Good to have you on "the ed show." You're on a mission. Let's talk about your support for president obama and sherrod brown. Is it connected to workers rights? 
>> Yes, it is connected to workers rights. It's connected to the extremist attack on unions, on the middle class. I was also in wisconsin with my son campaigning for tammy. I saw those billboards. I saw the ad that tommy put out. These are not your parent's republicans. They make nixon look like abbi hoffman. 
>> You had harsh words for carl rove in ohio. What do you think of his ad barrage against senator brown? 
>> I think carl rove is a coward who enjoys pouring money - myou know, I think he has targeted labor in ohio, in wisconsin to some extent in michigan because e he wants to cut the head off of labor and they are not going to let him do it. 
>> This is in an effort to get rid of the last democrat support and foundation because of the social networking and also the boots on the ground that labor unions have provided. What are you hearing? What's your sense in ohio? 
>> My sense in ohio, I felt very confident that sherrod is in a very good position. I think the president is in a good position. I think we can take nothing for granted and have to run through that finish line and get out the vote. People are voting early and the democrats just have to stay focused and I think we're going to have a good result. 

[00:58:41]


>> The republicans clearly have attacked public education. What are chances of prop 32 getting money into public education in california? Are you confident it will pass? 
>> You mean prop 30? 
>> Yes. 
>> Yeah. I do believe -- prop 30 has been endorsed by "the l.A. Times." It is a perfectly reasonable investment that our least vulnerable citizens need to do to invest in our most vulnerable citizens. I'm confident it will pass. But again, we need turnout there. We need turnout in michigan. I'm up here campaigning for BRIDGETTE mary McCormick running for state supreme court. But we need turnout in california and we need them. 
>> Bradley whitford, great to have you with us. That's "the ed show." I'm ed shultz. Now to the quarterback of last night's coverage, rachel maddow. Her show starting right now. 
>> The patriots are not having 

﻿Title: The Electric Company - The Junior Assistant
Description: Francine wants to be on a reality show.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 4/4/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Ent from the u.S. Department of education's ready to learn grant, and viewers like you, thank you. Here are your five words: Tens -- if you count by tens, it means you count every tenth number -- 10, 20, 30, 40. Hundred -- a hundred is the same as ten groups of ten. Batch -- a batch is the amount of something that is made at one time. Collaborate -- when you collaborate, you work with other people to get something done. Leader -- the leader is the person who's in charge. So we have Tens, Hundred, Batch, Collaborate, and Leader. Watch out for them in today's show. You've seen me in the movies... "The Electric Company" chickened out. Luckily, I have a plan. You've seen me in commercials... Franscent by Francine. You've even seen me running for political office... I believe we should have a book club of the readers, for the readers, and by the readers. It's no secret that I can do anything. I can even sell a wool coat on a sizzling hot summer day. You, buy this. I'm great at telling people what to do. Hey, you kids, pick up that trash. As you can see, I'm the perfect contestant for the next season of "The Junior Assistant." So pick me, Mr. The Ronald. When do I start? Maybe never. Benjamin, you won last year's The Junior Assistant. Do you think Francine would do well on my show? 

[00:02:01]


Excellent question, sir. You and I both know that anyone who comes on this show has to be a good leader. I'm an amazing leader! I can get anyone to do whatever I say. Francine, being a -- being a leader isn't just about being bossy. It about working well with others to get something done, collaborating. I'm fantastic at collaborating! Even with people you don't like? Even with the Electric Company? I can collaborate with anyone, especially the Electric Company. Give me a project and I'll prove it to you. Okay, Francine, you want me to believe that The Ronald, the world's most famous rich guy who also hosts a reality show, wants you to work with me to make -- Make 600 cookies! Yes, that's what I want you to believe. (laughing) I'm sorry, that's funny. Laugh it up, Hector. Hector, are you and the Electric Company willing to collabora with Francine to make my special R for Ronald cookies for my party today? Good, and you're okay with Francine being team leader? Uh-huh. Excellent. And by the way, I'll need all 600 cookies by 5:00. By 5:00? By 5:00, yes sir, of course! Great, and if you do a good job, I'll buy all my cookies from your diner from now on. That would be amazing, thank you. You're welcome! 
 Hey, you guys! 

[00:04:04]


      Feel the power Feel the power       Feel the power, yo And plug it in!       It's electric (Electric Company)       Get connected (Electric Company)       It's electric (Electric Company)       Get connected (Electric Company)       The power we perfected is electrically connected       So use it as directed and expect to be respected       Just turn it on and you will see       That you belong in the Company!       Feel the power Feel the power       Feel the power, yo And plug it in!       Plug it in, everybody!       Electric Company Electric Company       Electric Company... Electric Company!     ??????
Cookie sheets. Cookies sheets -- right there. Mixing bowls. Mixing bowls -- right over there. Nice, Paul... Ingredients -- right there. Okay guys, we have to make 600 cookies by 5:00. I do wish we had a little more help. Yeah, Keith picked the wrong week to go to piano camp. (whistle blowing) What's with the standing around, people? What do you think, 600 cookies are going to bake themselves? You're kidding with these, right? You don't like it, hike it, right out of here. The Ronald said I'm the leader. Yeah, he also said you have to collaborate with us. I am collaborating, Francine style. Paul, how's that hairnet working out for you? Let's talk cookies. Great. Marcus, show us what 600 cookies look like. Okay...if this is one cookie, then this is what 600 cookies look like. That's a lot of cookies. Yeah, but we can do this if we break it into batches. Marcus, Jess, you guys work on that. I'm going to go check the oven. (whistle blowing) 

[00:06:05]


I'm the leader! You guys work on that. Hector...check the oven. Okay, so let's break the 600 down into tens. So each batch would be ten cookies. Exactly. 1, 2, 3 -- 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10! We get it! How many batches do we need? We need 60 batches, or 60 tens, or six hundreds. Okay, Marcus, we get it. 60 batches, 60 tens -- do that. Hold on, we have a problem. Our oven only holds two batches at one time. It's 1:00, we're never going to make 60 batches by 5:00. Oh man! We're going to need a bigger oven. Oh, you people! It's a good thing I have connections. I would not want to be Hector right now. Yeah, it's a real bulldog in a bathtub type situation? A what in a huh? Oh, sorry, it's an expression my friends and I use. You ever see a bulldog in a bathtub? Can't say that I have. Well, I can say that you will, right now-ish. 
  ??????
Has this ever happened to you? You're reading your favorite book about a boy wizard. You turn the page and nothing makes sense! Go back and check your understanding. On the last page, the boy wizard had just finished breakfast, but now he's fighting a spider? Oh, the pages were stuck together and you missed the part where the spider magically appeared. So the next time you're confused in a story, go back and check your understanding. This message has been brought to you by the Association for Understanding, and viewers like you. Be good, I'll be back soon. 
  ??????
(choking) Please don't make me take a bath. All right, fuzzballs, let's read the instructions on the shampoo bottle. 

[00:08:05]


Step one -- pour shampoo. Step two -- scrub. Woo-hoo! Look what I got -- a sudstache. Sudsball fight. Next step! Oh, step four -- repeat until suds are gone. Guess we start at step one again. Pour, scrub, repeat, pour, scrub, repeat. Yo, shouldn't you be getting the suds off of me? You're right. Maybe we messed up the instructions. Well, go back and read them again. I think I see the problem. Oh, we skipped step three -- rinse with water. Oops. A dog would have checked to make sure she understood. All right, let's rinse this pooch. There, squeaky clean! Ah...sweet revenge. You are not going to believe what just happened to me. Man! I'm a camera guy. You know, the guy who films the news. But tonight, tonight -- so I was eating a hamburger with extra ketchup when my boss ran in screaming, "The news anchor and the sports reporter are stuck in traffic!" -- and told me that I had to do their jobs. I was so nervous, I dropped my burger, and a bunch of the words on my cards got covered in ketchup. Next thing I knew, we were on the air. First up, the news. Good evening. The what House? It's where the President lives. The White House! That makes sense. But then I had to do sports. 

[00:10:06]


Mets...runs...It's baseball! So I did pretty great. But there was only one problem. There was nody around to do my job, the cameraman. So all people saw was the top of my head! So what's happened so far? Help me bake 600 cookies so I can be on The Junior Assistant. Help you? That's right, 600 cookies by 5:00. Hey, you guys! 600 cookies is so many, we have to move fast. Hold on, 600 is too many to bake at once. We have to make them in batches. Batches? A batch is a group of something. By making our cookies in batches, we break them up into smaller groups. Fine, we'll bake them in batches. Now everybody get to work! Wait! We have to decide how many cookies are in each batch. How about we make our cookies in tens? Each batch will have ten cookies, and we need 600, so that means we need to make 60 batches. Our oven only holds two batches at a time. It's a good thing I'm here. 
  ??????
Four ovens, four ovens -- we can make eight batches at a time, getting us into The Ronald's very own kitchen was really smart. I've got to give you props, Francine. That's another reason why everyone in the country will want my autograph when they see me on The Junior Assistant. Francine, you're not really going to be on The Junior Assistant unless you actually help us. I am helping! I'm being a leader! Mix, people, mix faster! It's okay, relax, relax. Is this how you collaborate, Ms. Carruthers, by blowing your whistle? No... I'm...stirring this. 

[00:12:07]


Hand it over, hairball! Gorillas, such animals. Oh... Look at what you've done, Paul! You're off the job! That's The Ronald's catch phrase, not your Gorilla, keep that hairnet on. Mr. Ruiz, I would strongly advise against smiling, because it looks to me like you haven't baked a single cookie. Well, no, but we're almost done mixing the dough. The Ronald isn't asking for excuses, he's asking for cookies. If he doesn't have 600 of them by 5:00, then you can say au revior to your dreams of becoming The Junior Assistant, Francine. Quick, someone take a picture. Francine is actually collaborating. 10, 20, 30, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40. 40 batches of ten. 40 tens is also 400! Oh yeah! All right, all right! Guys, we've already made 400 cookies. That's it? We still have 200 more cookies to make? That's also 20 tens. Enough with the tens! This is a disaster! We have to find a way to... I'm a genius. We'll put two sets of ten on each sheet. It'll go twice as fast. Francine, Francine, please stop, okay. You need space between the cookies because they spread out when they bake. I'm a genius! 
  ??????
They're not that bad. Oh, they are! They definitely are. We wasted all that time, and cookie dough! 

[00:14:10]


Okay, Francine, here's the deal. You're not being a good leader, you're not listening to anybody on your team. Like Hector! And me! And Jess! And Paul, too. Which is why I think I should be the new team leader. Yeah! 
  ??????
No, you can hold on to that. Okay, guys, let's do this. It's 3:00, which means we have two hours to finish baking these cookies and decorating them. Marcus, Francine, help me clean up this mess. Jessica, I need you to find out where I can get an exercise bike. Paul, it's time to start stretching those gorilla legs, big boy. Trust me, you'll see. My, Francine was not a good leader. She didn't think about stuff before she did it, but Hector, he knows how to get his think on. Oh yeah, he gets his think on everything. He gets his think on so many things, that everything starts to stink of his think. I love when Hector gets hhink on. Well, then you, my fine winged friend, will love this. 
  ??????
Danny Rebus presents Super Spy! And that other guy. What's up? I'm in enemy headquarters. Good work, Agent Rebus. Now get those plans. Who's that other guy? Oh, just my tagalong friend, Hector. Danny, you said I could play with your spy watch. Hector! Yikes, beware of Chickilla! Looks like it's part chicken, part gorilla, and all weird. What do we do? You're going to have to get your think on. Get your think on! How can we distract the Chickilla? It's part chicken, part gorilla? Well, gorillas like banas. Yes, and chickens like corn. Do you have any corn? Always! Cornana! 

[00:16:12]


You got the plans! Way to get your think on, other guy. Other guy? That's the way the cornana crumbles. (howling) (whistling) Huh? Don't use all the... Looks like the last word is smudged. Got a pen? Do I look like I have a pen? This will work. We know the last word starts with T. Maybe turkey. Don't use all the turkey? We never keep turkey in the bathroom. Good point, let's keep trying. How about tubas? Tigers? Tablecloth? Tangerines? Not in bathrooms. Soap. No, starts with an S. Toothpaste! Don't use all the toothpaste! Typical. 
    These words tell you about the time       Of that you can be sure       Get your think on...       Ask yourself what would make sense       Get your think on...       Think about what happened when       Get your think on...       If you cannot quite connect       These words will tell you what you should expect       Since I woke up this morning Before 7:00       I could not stop from singing I really had to rock       First, I sang at breakfast Then I sang this afternoon       Well, I'll sing until the nighttime       I don't plan on stopping soon       Get your think on...       Ask yourself what would make sense       Get your think on...       Think about what happened when       Get your think on...       If you cannot quite connect       These words will tell you what you should expect     ??????
What in the world are you doing? I'm texting Petunia to tell her what's going on. Oh well, tell her these guys still have to make 

[00:18:13]


a bunch of cookies, and time is running out. Got it. And tell her that Hector just took over as leader. Oh, and something is happening with Paul the Gorilla, and an exercise bike. Got it. Maybe I should just call. All right, we baked all 600 cookies, now we have half an hour to decorate them. Paul, you'll do the pedaling. All right, I start by putting a cookie on the conveyor belt. And then, I make the line for the R. And I finish the R. And I approve the R and place the cookie in the box. Exactly. This is brilliant! I'm totally telling The Ronald it was my idea. What? What? Okay, let's start, people. I'm going to be the cookie king. I'm going to be the next Junior Assistant. 
    Who's that Junior Assistant Who is rising to the top       Getting mauled by fans everywhere she goes       Who's that cookie-baking wizard       Who's the cream of the crop       Everybody who is anybody knows       She's superstar material She's on your box of cereal       I'm Francine, the Paparazzi's dream       He's super managerial That's manager material       I'm Hector, the leader of the team    Nice job!    They work like busy bees but then the credit comes to me       That is not the way to reach a common goal    Says you!    Without people helping out What's team leader all about       It's about this whistle giving me Gontrol       We love when Hector hires us       It's cool when Francine fires us       Because she's the business queen       I am a real team leading machine       Joining Hector's staff Getting Francine's autograph       It's hard to choose between...    

[00:20:16]


 ??????
Hector! And Francine! How you doing over there, Francine? Super. Great! Paul, kick it up a notch. 
     ??????
I wish The Ronald could see us now, how well we're all collaborating. But not now, because we're not ready. 
 Yes, yes, yes, good job, Jess.     ??????
Mr. The Ronald! Hey, guys. So, do you have my cookies? Um, yes, we do, but they're not all decorated with the Rs yet. Benjamin, did I or did I not ask them for 600 cookies with the Rs on them? You did, you definitely did, and they definitely didn't do the Rs. 
  ??????
Anyone care to explain why I have crumbs on my shoe? He did it, Marty Farms did it. Okay, A -- it's Marcus Barnes, and B -- no, I didn't. Oh, please. This from a kid who doesn't even know his own name. Excuse me, Mr. The Ronald, what happened was -- 

[00:22:18]


Enough! Why aren't all the cookies decorated? What happened was Hector is a bad leader! That's not true. Quiet! I thought you were the leader. I was, but -- Okay...I've made my decision. Francine, you better find a different show to be on, because you're not coming on mine. You're off the job! I'm off the job? You can't fire me, because I quit! I'm no Junior Assistant, Mr. The Ronald! I'm The Francine! I'm in charge. So, it must have been hard for you to collaborate with Francine, huh? So the fact that you even made 600 cookies -- Or 60 tens -- Not now, Marcus. -- is pretty impressive. Hector, did you take over as the leader? Well, I -- He did, he did. Yep, Hector's the king. All the time. Then, why not come be on my show this season? What? Would you do it? Seriously? Yeah, come on! We'd love to have you. 
?????? Kapow! Prankster Planet!     The Wordsuckeruppernator is sucking up words       So it's Jessica and Marcus to the rescue!       There are 13 buttons to shut it down       But pushing them all is up to you!       Boom! Prankster Planet!       Kapow! Prankster Planet!     ??????
Meanwhile, in the city... That's just great! Lot all those buttons! How are we gonna find the off button? 

[00:24:20]


You won't! 100 buttons, people! Don't you love it? Big whoop, Francine! We'll press all 100 buttons if we have to! 
?????? Marty Farms, Marty Farms     That's your name It's Marty Farms     ??????
Francine! My name is Marcus Barnes! Don't tell me, Farms, tell the button. 
?????? Ma-ma-ma-marty Farms   ??????
I've got to get out of here. Yeah, that's the idea. Okay, I think these buttons are in batches of ten, and this whole batch of buttons makes Marty Farms songs. Let's please try another batch! (groaning) Is that supposed to be a blue whale? That's awful! Okay, this batch is Francine doing annoying animal calls. There's ten batches. We only have eight batches left. Let's split up. Marcus, you go that way, I'll go this way. And press like the wind! Ewww, gross smells. That's Brussels Sprouts mixed with Manny's gym socks. Eww, sticky stuff. That's weird. Marcus! Press another button in that batch. No! No! Nothing to see here! All those buttons turn things off. They're off buttons! Keep pressing! No! Deploying emergency drop the cage over the button, button. Look out! Hey you guys? Go to PBSKIDSGO.ORG, press that off button! The Electric Company needs you! No, no, no, no, no! Guys, guys, guys. Just let her. Just let her. They're gonna come out really good Francine. I know. Real good. (laughing) 

[00:26:21]


You scared me. (laughs) (making silly sounds) Arrrghhh! Oh! (laughter) 
?????? The time is now, the day is here     The power that you're feeling you see it everywhere.       Words are electric,nd all you got to do is plug it in.       What?       Plug it in.       Come on.       And once you get it, you have to share it,       Discovering your power, you own it you wear it proud,       and you shout it out loud       The Electric Company is in town.     ??????
(beatboxing) Yeah! It's electric! It's fresh. Announcer: Your pbs kids go! Friends are ready for anything. Ready to fight a little crime? Oh, hi! This is a pretty big deal, huh? Presto! Announcer: And now they're ready for you weekdays on pbs kids go! Or anytime you want at pbskidsgo.Org. company" by... Find your voice and share it, american greetings, proud sponsor of "the electric company." Agreement from the u.S. Department of education's ready to learn grant, and viewers like you, thank you. play awesome Electric Company games and earn points for your favorite person, like me, Hector. I mean, I'm your favorite, right? So what are you waiting for? I'm great at telling people what to do. Hey kids! Pick up that trash. Kidding with these, right? Hey! (sneezing) Bless you! 

[00:29:43]


>> Hi. I'm gene cornacchia. At saint peter's college, we believe all citizens need to be informed about the important issues that affect their daily lives. That's why we're proud to support programming produced by the caucus educational 

﻿Title: The Five
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> Eric: Exactly two weeks until we know who will lead america for four or eight years. Last night, the final one-on-one debate between the two candidates. The forum was buzzing with anticipation. The sense of just how much was at stake, made the mood tense and historic. 90 minutes of two political gladiators doing battle in boca. Afterwards, both sides claimed victory. Here is how some of the seasoned and political minds saw the debate. 
>> Mitt romney has the demeanor, the temperament, the principles, the skills, to be a great person policy president. 
>> What governor romney showed today and I felt badly because it's clear he is not ready to be the commander-in-chief of the united states military. 
>> Nobody won. It was a draw. Boring. So boring. It was the most boring debate I've ever seen. 
>> Governor romney while he may have "lost the debate" looked like a commander-in-chief. And presented himself in a presidential way. 
>> I think the president was very aggressive and it's hoard win a debate when you're not in that mode. 
>> I think it's unequivocal, romney won. Not just tactically, but strategically. 
>> Eric: So, let's each take a minute or so and call the debate the way we saw it. Bob has promised he won't interrupt anyone. Start with andrea and run around the table. What did you think? 
>> Andrea: I think it was probably a draw. It's supposed to be boring. It's foreign policy debate not episode of "the a team." Romney had one job, to convince the american people he could do the job. Obama's job was to convince romney he couldn't. I think that he failed at that. I think rom knew yesterday where the obama camp would go, to paint him as a warmonger. He knew where they would throw the ball. He looked like a dove. He played tt very, very well. I thought he was very appealing to women. And to independents. He's very interesting, romney. Last night, barack obama was trying to reach to his base. If you're 14 days out from an election and still worried about your base, you have very big problems. 

[00:02:11]


>> Eric: Bob, do you see it same way? 
>> I see it the way every poll showed it, that obama won. When charles krauthammer says strategic, I don't know what is strategic about what romney said in that debate. The guy was outclassed when it came to substance. He said we should not announce date for withdrawal from afghanistan and he did. He stuck to 2014 like the president ofhe united states had. When you were all making a big deal out of libya, I don't know how many words romney spent on libya -- 
>> Greg: Three. 
>> Bob: Three words? 
>> Greg: Three words. 
>> Bob: You just interrupted me. 
>> Dana: That was helping. 
>> Bob: There are times that romney said I agree with the president, I agree with the president. Who is kidding who? 
>> Andrea: You hate him when he disagrees and hate him when he agrees. 
>> Bob: The waffleer he is. 
>> Eric: I'll go. Take it around. It couldn't figure out what is going on, sitting in the spin room watching this. People are watching and I saw president obama being aggression I and I saw romney let the conversation move on to wherever president obama wanted to go. Even when bob schieffer wanted to move him on, he was kay with it. 30 in I realized what he was doing. He is going to, he feelings he has the base. He wants to lock down the female vote. He has proven he can be tough. Showing he can be a tough president. This one he wanted to prove he could be a statesman. He cou be well thought out. And not what thelet has been trying to paint him as, most recently. As a warmonger. I think if that is the litmus test, number one, I think he won. But number two, the reason he did that, they have internal polling to say he's in the lead. 
>> Dana: There was a delay reaction. Some people went to bed thinking oh, he could have got him on this and that. Waking up in the morning you think that was the smarter way to handle it. It was a wise decision. What you want in a president is someone you think is wiser than you. There was a peace on national review where he said romney came and he decided to woo, not to fight. Rivals dual over global leadership. That's what o'reilly said, saying it's boring. Boring in a foreign policy debate for challenger is a win. 

[00:04:58]


>> Greg: The winner was my liquor store. It drank a lot of wine. The loser was my wife who had to put up with me after I had been drinking. Theia won. Now they can say that obama won big. A tie between somebody who had experience for four years and somebody with no foreign policy experience at all. Obama is expected to do okay. He has been doing it. Romney oddly enough appeared more presidential than the guy who had the job. Obama for some reason looked like the challenger. That blew my mind. The other winner this is conservatism in the sense when a liberal runs for president, he starts talking like a security. It's all of a sudden about security, not cutting defense. Talking about strengths. Conservatism is the go-to stance when you want to win. Become one? 
>> Eric: Very good. Very good. All right, so we each picked our favorite moment from the debate. Going to do "the five" style and start with dana. 
>> Dana: Sure. We, if you'd like. 
>> Eric: Start with dana. 
>> Dana: I believe that this phrase, these six words summed up -- five words if you contract two words to one. Sums up the entire campaign from the obama sand point of attacking romney. Take a look. 
>> We're talking about the middle east. And how to help the middle east reject the kind of terrorism we're seeing and the rising tide of tumult and confusion. And attacking me is not an agenda. Attacking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east and take advantage of the opportunity there. And stem the tide of this violence. 
>> Dana: I thought that right there it basically summed it up. Attacking me isn't an agenda. Most of the people for the past six weeks after the first debate are like wait a second, what would obama do in a second term? All he has done is destroy and ridicule his challenger with disdain and disrespect. You know what? People don't like it. That's why romney has been doing better everywhere. 

[00:06:58]


>> Eric: A couple of adjectives out there. Romney looked presidential. Plomatic and a statesman. Barack obama, especially when you put the double shot up there, when both of them are on the screen, president obama looks like a bully. He looked cond scending. He had -- condescending. He looked smug. Facial expression. He didn't look good. There are a lot of people who are swayed by just the facial expressions between them. 
>> Bob: Who would you rather have up against irain glance negotiations? 
>> Dana: Romney. 
>> Greg: No-brainer. 
>> Andrea: If I thought obama would sit down with ahmadinejad and they'd talk it out. 
>> Bob: Romney was -- are you kidding me? He looked presidential? 
>> Andrea: He looked like member of the council on foreign relations. Obama looked like he was defending his dissertation. Dana, you made a good point when you said romney wanted it to look boring. President obama didn't. He wanted it to be raucous and he did it in the prong way. I thought is he trying to get zingers, even in places that don't if it. Like I have to needle him throughout the debate. Not think about policy. 
>> Eric: Take your favorite moment of the debate. 
>> Andrea: My favorite moment is where president obama confuses political foe with biggest threat. And he came out and he was trying to nail president on confusing al-qaeda and russia. Nail him on the fact that romney said russia is our biggest threat. Romney turned it around i thought answered it just masterfully. Take a listen. 
>> Russia, I indicated is a geo political foe. Not -- excuse me. Geopolitical foe. In the same paragraph I said iran is the greatest national security threat we face. Russia does continue to battle us in the u.N. Time and time again. I have clear eyes on this. I'm not going to wear rose-colored glasses when it comes to russia or mr. Putin. I'm certainly not going to say I'll give you more flexibility after the election. 

[00:09:01]


>> Andrea: I thought that it was a very naive attempt by the president to score political point it. He confused that russia is geopolitical foe. We battle them at the u.N. And the other is a terror organization. The fact that the president tried to lump it in and hit it on that, he missed the mark. Romney was able to make the distinction and look shrewd. >>ob: THE FACT THAT ROMNEY Would suggest iran is biggest-threat and doesn't make china, who is clear through biggest threat to the united states, you are talking about iran, a third rate nation -- 
>> Dana: Iran who is threatening nuclear war? 
>> Bob: Threatening to build nuclear weapon. 
>> Greg: Support -- china supportser the not the way iran does. 
>> Dana: Iran is funding terrornist iraq killing our troops. 
>> Andrea: That is his point. 
>> Dana: President obama got it wrong also when he said that china is the adversary. That's not what the secretary of state said. I thought president obama had terrible debate on merits and he gets the biggest things wrong. He came up with the defense cut idea, sequestions administration, a boring -- sequestration. 
>> Bob: What do you mean? It was -- 
>> Dana: Do you believe bob woodward's book that said obama team came upith sequestration? 
>> Bob: If you think the deal was cut without republicans agreeing to it. 
>> Eric: Even more disturbing is president obama said don't worry about sequestration. I have it taken care of. What do you mean? 
>> Dana: He said it's not going to happen. 
>> Eric: Meaning is the second term of obama a bunch of I'm going to run around congress, I'm not going to talk to senators but what we'll do. We'll do it -- 
>> Bob: It has to get done by january 1. First term of obama anyway. 
>> Greg: This reflects the whole president obama, you don't know his foreign policy. It will out get taken care of after he wins the second term, the whole thing with the putin, promising putin. We don't know. We are in the dark. We're not sure if he knows. What you said in green room, romney seems to know obama's foreign policy more than obama does. 

[00:11:12]


>> Dana: Better than obama. 
>> Eric: Get this in. One more in before we go to break. For me, my favorite moment, unfortunately it wasn't until 53 minutes in to the debate. Take aisten to the apology tour. Obama called out and president obama pushed back on. Watch. 
>> The president began what i call an apology tour, going to the various nations in the middle east and criticizing america. 
>> Nothing governor romney said is true. Starting with this notion of me apologizing. This has been probably the biggest whopper that has been told during the course of this campaign. 
>> Mr. President, the reason i call it an "apology tour" is because you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt, and to saudi arabia, and to turkey and iraq. You skipped israel, by the way, our closest friend in the region. You went to the other nations. They noticed you skipped israel. 
>> Eric: They noticed. Israel noticed and so did all of our enemies. 
>> Bob: He was in israel doing a fundraiser, the fact he did stop and talked to one u.S. Troop in afghanistan -- 
>> Dana: There is only one candidate who has taken foreign money in this campaign. 
>> Bob: Excuse me. 
>> Dana: Not romney. 
>> Bob: Romney had a fundraiser in jerusalem. 
>> Eric: Stay onresident obama. 
>> Bob: That's what you want to do -- he didn't apologize for america. 
>> Eric: Romney said mr. President, apologetic for america. 
>> Bob: Pick up the right wing crap about apology tour, which is ridiculous. 
>> It's not. Bowing and saying we have been dismissive. Even divisive. 
>> Eric: We have to go. January 2009, my job to the muslim world is communicate that america is not your enemy. We sometimes make mistakes. April, america like every -- 
>> Bob: That is an apology? 
>> Eric: Makes mistakes and has flaws. United states has done peace, prosperity and we have at times been disengage and at times we sought to dictate our terms. I have more. 
>> Bob: That is an apology? That's what you call an apology tour? 

[00:13:12]


>> Greg: Can I make a point. What bob is saying is correct. What you're saying is correct. That is the problem with president obama. Is that he always says I never said that. But he means it. His actions dictate an apology but he never has to say "i'm sorry" when he talking about mistakes. That's how he weasels out of the things. I never said I was sorry. You didn't have to say you're sorry. 
>> Bob: Do you have an apology quote using "apology"? 
>> Eric: I'll use it in the next block. We're not close to being finished with last night, the hottest moments, best zingers and gaps are coming up. Keep it right here on "the five." ???????????? people snapshot progressive, but don't just listen to me. Listen to these happy progressive customers. I plugged in snapshot, and 30 days later, I was saving big on car insurance. With snapshot, I knew what I could save before I switched to progressive. The better I drive, the more I save. Sh our company had something thisl. You're not filming this, are you? Aw! Camera shy. Snapshot from progressive. Test-drive snapshot before you switch. Visit progressive.Com today. !0T@@!??@@@d$$ ?? ?? 44(?? @@@ @@[H7 7 ?? tank, the distances aren't getting shorter. ?????? ?????? the trucks are going farther. The new 2013 ram 1500. ?????? ?????? with the best-in-class fuel economy. Engineered to move heaven and earth. ?????? ?????? guts. Glory. Ram. 

[00:18:05]


>> Greg: A horrible, crushing defeat. Giants destroyed the cardinals last knight. 
>> The giants win the pennant. 9-nothing, the final if game seven. Speaking of cardinals, last night's debate was for the birds. For me anyway. Like a parent at a little league game that invested too much in the outcome. I was screaming one word at the tv over and over and over again. "Libya! Libya! Libya!" This is not unusual. It was the name of an ex-girlfriend. I was streaming "who told you to blame the video?" The same thing I said to an ex-girlfriend. My point is I wish mitt would have creamed obama with libya. In the debate, obama accused romney of being all over the map. A phrase that deserved the rejoinder all over the map, mr. President. What is your latest line on libya? You delivered more whoppers than burger king. Perhaps mitt made a conscious decision to stay presidential and avoid looking war-like. It worked in that it appears the president bail. Any time his back is to the wall. Obama gets is notty. Without the media to shield them, he gets smaller. It haven't seen a middle age men desperate since the last time alec bald world cup was married. If obama gained ground, only among spoiled brats. They sensed the media response if they went hard on the idol. You saw what they did with the binders. He took the high road and saying I can do the job. No a jerk. Do you think he missed an opportunity? 
>> Dana: No. 
>> Greg: We talked about this on the show. 
>> Dana: We talked about it for six weeks. He was measured and presidential. That ensures he will never be on "the five." If he had gone after romney on libya, say something went wrong. And obama took offense, like how dare you? That would have been the headline today. Now we are done with foreign policy debate and we can focus on the economy. 

[00:20:30]


>> Eric: It took me 30 minutes to figure out that is what is going on. Especially when mitt romney wanted to answer one of the questions early. First, only five minutes on libya. Then they went to 12 to 13 minutes on syria. Because he let schieffer move them on, he didn't do that when he was arguing with let's say lehrer or even crowley. He didn't do that. It's clear that the attention was to come up, presidential states like. 
>> Dana: Add one little thing? It was very smart. You know that president obama in debate prep spent all this time thinking about lib yeah. Figuring out all the things he would say on libya. What did we say when? Romney said he -- 
>> that is why he didn't do it. He knew he would be ready for that answer. I think that oh, how dare you moment happened the last time. It probably rattled romney a little bit. From day one, campaign that played it safe. This is how they operate for a while. I also think that they realize president obama is in the soup onhis one. He really is in trouble. Mired with questions. In politics they always say if your opponent is committing suicide, just get out of the way. 
>> Bob: Amazing ear you say this now. You, you, you, all said ought to make it libya from the beginning. Now you're saying gee, what a smart measured move. 
>> Dana: It was smart. 
>> Bob: The only reason was he didn't get into it, because obama is right about it. Romney is wrong. If this is going to make a bit of voting difference at all. Like I said, from the beginning. We had to carry it every day. 
>> Eric: As a poller, is f he is polling ahead does it make sense to step in on libya at all? 
>> Bob: You thought it did. 
>> Dana: What we're saying that romney is smarter than all of us. What you want in the president, you want your president to be smarter than you. Have a cooler head. 
>> Andrea: We want him to go to that place. We want him -- >> -- 

[00:22:33]


>> Greg: Understand, bob said obama is doing great on libya. That's the reason he shouldn't talk about it. Does that make sense? 
>> Dana: Sure. 
>> Greg: Bob, what is your favorite moment? 
>> Bob: My favorite moment, run it up here quickly. Romney's entire strategy according to charles krauthammer. Got it? 
>> I congratulate him on taking out usama bin laden and going after the leadership in al-qaeda. 
>> Would you have stuck with mubarak? 
>> No. I believe as the president indicated and said at the time I supported his action there. It's also essential for tos understand what our mission is iran. Crippling sanctions were number one. And they do work. You're seeing eight rye now in the economy. 'S the right thing to do to have crippling sanctions. I don't blame the administration for the fact that the relationship with pakistan I strained. It's widely reported that drones are used and drone strikes. It support that entirely. Feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology. 
>> Bob: Mitt, you might want to have a single solitaire thought of your own and might help you out, my friend. Do you want to agree with the president everything and concede he is a better foreign policy president than you will ever be. 
>> Greg: I think they could be running mates but obama v.P. 
>> Eric: Do you see the one condescending comment from obama and say realize you haven't had an opportunity to put in place any foreign policy. 
>> Dana: It's such -- got the biggest ip on his shoulder. Someone ought to knock it off. 
>> Bob: Someone ought to knock it off. 
>> Dana: I'm telling you, that kind of condescending attitude is telling 51% of the people out there they're not for me. There is no presidential, there is no graciousness and dignity to what president obama is saying to him. 
>> Bob: You have three polls confirm that obama won the debate. 
>> Dana: Bob, 52-50 debate where you get no bounce is not a win. This is not going to help president obama at all. Evidenced by all the things that are happening today. 
>> Andrea: You don't think it was a brilliant move for him? 
>> Bob: No. God no. Big as deal you said it was he shouldn't have concedeed it but he didn't because it wasn't that big of a deal. 

[00:24:40]


>> Andrea: Strategic 100%. 
>> Greg: Bob, bob? 
>> Bob: Yes. 
>> Greg: "The five" debate analysis continues next. Plus, I lost a pair of pants somewhere. If anyone finds them drop them off at the port authority lost and found. There will be a small reward. ???????????? ???????????? Hahahaha! Hooohooo, hahaha! This is awesome! Folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. I'd say Happier than a Slinky on an escalator. Get happy. Get GEICO. Melons!!! Oh yeah!! Well that was uncalled for. Folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are ha How happy, Ronny? Happier than Gallagher at a Farmers' Market. Get happy. Get GEICO. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola Now more than ever DROID DOES. ???????????? ???????????? 

[00:29:17]


>> Andrea: Welcome back to "the five." All right. We did our favorite moments now it's called gaffe, zinger, fact check. Greg, kick it off. 
>> Greg: This is president obama talking about russia. Something. 
>> Governor romney, I'm glad that you recognize al-qaeda is a threat. A few month months ago you were asked what is the biggest geopolitical threat facing america you said russia. Not al-qaeda. You said russia. THE 1980s ARE CALLING TO ASK For the foreign policy back. The cold war has been over for 20 years. 
>> Greg: President obama, THE 1990s CALL AND THEY WANT Something from the past called joke back. 
>> Dana: Call waiting and it s the jerk store. 
>> Greg: Nicely done! 
>> Andrea: Ty also want the mom jeans back. 
>> Greg: I would been a that. 
-- Iwould ban that. 
>> Dana: You know they planned it for him to say it whole time. He had to get it in there. 
>> Andrea: Forced zinger. 
>> Dana: This is a gaffe but basically encapsulates what many people think is wrong with the current question, the way he presents things. 
>> Across the board we eastern gaming them in building capacity in the country and stood on the side of democracy. One thing I think americans should be proud of when tunisias began to protest, this nation, me, stood with them before any other country. 
>> Dana: It would be i. 
>> Andrea: That is a gaffe. 
>> Dana: Leave it a that. It went over like a lead balloon. 
>> Eric: He loves that word. 
>> Andrea: He does not have a self-esteem problem. Eric, gaffe, zin eger or fact check. 
>> Eric: Fact check. Roll it. 
>> I like american cars and i would do nothing to hurt the u.S. Auto industry. I said they need, the companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy. And in that process, they can get government help and government guarantees. 

[00:31:18]


>> Governor romney, that is not what you said. 
>> Did not say you would provide help. You keep on trying to air brush history here. 
>> You're wrong, mr. President. 
>> I am not wrong. 
>> People can look it up. You're right. People will look it up. 
>> Eric: I looked it up. From november 18, 2008, the "new york times." It called let detroit go bankrupt. The problem is mr. President, that is a "new york times" written headline title. He didn't write that. Guess what happens on the last page? Rerecommends the government getting involved in the auto. And he says the federal government should provide guarantees for post bankruptcy 
>>> managed bankruptcy. Financing ensure car buyers the warranties are not at risk. Romney not trying to air brush history. You vo v to read the article. 
>> Bob: And we'd have no u.S. Auto companies. Mine is a -- well, let me put hit the way. Be charitable about this. Romney walking the streets. For his dear friends in china making money for him. Take american jobs. 
>> Dana: Wow! 
>> China can be our partner, but that doesn't mean they can just roll all over us and steal our jobs on an unfair basis. 
>> Eric: Governor romney is right. 
>> You are familiar with jobs being sent overseas because you invest in companies shifting jobs overseas. 
>> Bob: The president was talking, mitt romney involved in a number of investments in china, which lost american jobs. He went so soft on the biggest security threat to the united states. Romney, you better wake up and understand that china is the biggest security threat to the united states. 
>> Dana: Right. Okay. 
>> Bob: The fact you're not doing that is you are partners with them. Business venture. Wait a second. Let me finish. 
>> Andrea: The president called him aned a ve sar last night. 
>> Bob: Excuse me. I said romney better understand it's a serious deal here. You ought to get out of bed with the chinese and get in bed with the united states. 

[00:33:22]


>> Dana: Oh, my goodness. I'm going to have a heart attack. 
>> Romney hasn't spent enough time looking at how the military works. You mention we have fewer ships than 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonettes because the nature of the military has changed. We have things called aircraft carrier where planes land on them. 
>> Andrea: First, we still use bayonettes, so maybe the commander-in-chief which rereferred to himself many times should know that. My point is it's a gaffe. I thought the tone last night, that the president took is the jones stewartifiication of politics. Are you smarter than a fifth grader? Are you more mature than a fifth grader, mr. President? You dressed down romney. It was sarcastic and I guess it's supposed to be funny. Turned out to be wrong. They have done this campaign. 
>> Bob: Why is it wrong again? 
>> Andrea: It turns women off. 
>> It turns women off he is trying to -- 
>> Bob: It's archaic. 
>> Eric: Wait. Instead, binders, big bird and bayonettes. No one is talki about benghazi. 
>> Andrea: Want to know what obama's agenda would be if he wins? He put out his game plan for the next four years. Dana has details when we come back. ???????????? ???????????? I'm bret baier if washington. The big store here, two weeks to go until election day. Presidential election, that is. Tonight on "special report," mitt romney is trying to ride the momentum to the white house. We'll look at where the republican challenger stands in the polls and the strategy down the home stretch. President obama is rolling out a last minute second term agenda. President bowing to pressure from republicans and some democrats to provide specifics. How many are in there. Numbers are thrown around in last night's debate. A terrible day on wall street following disappointing earning reports. Dow plunging 243 points. We'll get information on the probe in libya scandal and terror attack on u.S. Mission in benghazi. Senate intelligence committee chambliss joins us live. "The five" in new york now. 

[00:40:15]


>> You can't change washington, d.C. From inside. If you don't think you can change washington from inside the white house, let's get you a plane ticket back to chicago you earned. If he believes that, if he believes that, what the hell is doing asking forther 
FOUR YEARS? >> Dana: I always want chris christie on my side. If you wonder why president obama should get another four years the answer is all the shiny new 20-page booklet that president obama, his campaign released today. They printed 3.5 million copy of the plan. Basically, no reporter that covers the campaign was fooled in terms of thinking this is a new thing. Was that strike? 
>> Eric: I thought it was great. Literally, president obama cut him off. He went to education and achers and firefighters. Mitt said bob schieffer asked him about the economy. No, talk about teachers again. Very strange. Mitt was looking for no confrontation last night. I would like to have seen more on the economy. 
>> Dana: Bob, for the last month or, so one refrain has been for the democrats against romney he hasn't detailed the $5 trillion tax cut. Everybody is asking for more information about it. Roey maintained he provided that. Then four weeks ago you started to see the mainstream media saying wait a second. What is president obama's second term agenda again? Do you think the booklet was in reaction to that? 
>> A lot of the booklet is legislation, installed on the house of representatives because the republicans won't let it off. He has an agenda. Go back to christie for a second. Does anybody notice how little we have seen of christie? He was hard to miss. Have we noticed that? 
>> Dana: Is there any personal attack you won't make? 
>> Eric: He is running the state of new jersey. Maybe that s something to do with it. 
>> Bob: He was out allhe time in primary season. 
>> Dana: What do you think of the new policies not so new in the book? 

[00:42:17]


>> Andrea: Better late than never. 14 days out and he decides to put an agenda I didn't see anything different in it. How do I know the headlines will be different if four years than they are now? I know you don't like chris christie, I love him I love when he says get the hell off the beach, that the hell are you doing asking for another four years? He said obama said he wasn't able to change washington. He's never in washington! How can he change washington? He has been campaigning for four years. 
>> Dana: The bam become campaign given -- obama campaign given kudos for the digitization but they printed 3.5 hard copy books? 20-page booklet about obama, isn't that "newsweek"? Came out instructions on how to bow. If re-elected it will be printed in chinese. A good point. 3.5 million copies. How many trees is that? Isn't injustice an outrage? 
>> Dana: Coming up, five minutes and five stories you want to know about them. Please stay with us. enlightening. Hey, bro. Or engaging. Conversations help us learn and grow. At wells fargo, we believe you can never underestimate the power of a conversation. It's this exchange of ideas that helps you move ahead with confidence. So when the conversation turns to your financial goals... Turn to us. If you need anything else, let me know. 
[ Female Announcer ] WELLS FARGO. Together we'll go far. 

[00:46:49]


>> Bob: Welcome back to "the five." Five hot political stories. I'll start. Todd akin, congressman for missouri, running against claire McCaskill was, when he came out with a statement and introduced a bill that women cannot get pregnant from legitimate rape. Cosponsored by paul ryan i might add. Then everybodybandoned him. The republicans fled. They pulled their money out. Everybody went everywhere they could. What happens now? It's dead even race. He may win, which is amazing to me but might say something about the new republican party. 
>> Dana: Are you saying that the legislation he said women can't get pregnant from rape? 
>> Bob: Legitimate rape. 
>> Dana: That's not what it says. It was a stupid comment he made. 
>> Bob: Did he not say legitimate rape? 
>> Dana: He did but he didn't put it in the legislation cosponsored by paul ryan. 
>> Andrea: Why would you try to link it to paul ryan. People don't like claire McCASKILL. That's why the polls are like that. 
>> Greg: Am I up? Got a fundraising letter from president obama. Read it. I don't want to lose the election. Not because of what losing would mean for me, michelle and I will be fine. But what it means for middle class families. Blah, blah blah. I stopped reading this. He believes that voters are more concerned for his future than the country. This man is more self-centered than the sun. 

[00:49:23]


>> Dana: Ohio is important. Obama gets credit for having better ground game there. But it might be spin. If you look at the numbers, 700 voter contact, three times than 2008. Democrats underperforming in the early votes by 7.32%. If you want to be precise. Republican made 3.7 million volunteer contract in ohio. That poll said 47 h 467 in ohio. That'srobably right. 
>> Eric: I was at the debate last night. Take you through a picture montage. Everyone started to talk the spin room. People holding up names and talking. My favorite picture of them all. One more? Next? David axelrod, he tried to avoid me. 
>> Andrea: So weird, he wouldn't hug you. 
>> Andrea: Everybody started to ask the big question. Is it over? An finally the main stream media are starting to write the law. A tweet sent out by abc terry moran that said, "tick, tick, tick." For weeks the movement has been unmistakenly toward romney. Hard to turn it around in october. That's very true. Then there was msnbc's chuck todd said the president has big problems and is running out of time. And said that he missed an opportunity in the first debate and he has to requalify himself for a second term. The glossy portfolio he put together today. The binder, I should say, of the suggestions from the last three years won't work. 
>> Bob: Okay. One more thing is up next. 
>> Andrea: You're not going to yell? 
>> Bob: Nope. 

[00:51:24]


>> Andrea: All right. Grumpy. ???????????? ???????????? 

[00:55:07]


>> Eric: Time for a fun one more thing. 
>> Bob: Last week on the o'reilly factor I had comments that made frank lupt and his procedures and models that he used putting together focus groups of which he does many for various shows on fox. Some interpreted them as criticism of luntz. Frank and I had discussions about this for several years. I've been done focus groups for long, long time. He uses a different model than I do. Not a critique of him but a critique of his modeling. He and I have talked about it. He is a friend of mine and competent pollster. Thathe best I can say. 
>> Greg: We'll have a focus group later at my apartme. We are not looking at everything. 
>> Andrea: What do you give people for showing up? 
>> Greg: Their lives. 
>> Eric: I'll go next. Fun story this morning on the way back. I flew up in at the crack of dawn this morning, sitting next to a gentleman talking about the debate. He said yeah, romney seem presidential. Outlined his vision for the country. I said yeah, what else did you see? He said I saw obama attacking romney a lot. Didn't think of it. Fell asleep. Woke up on the way out. The flight attendant said mr. Romney, thank you for joining us on the flight. I get outside and mr. Romney? George scott romney, mitt romney's brother. The whole time. Happens to love the show. Big fan. Big fan of dana, especially. 
>> Dana: Well, who isn't? 
>> Andrea: Did you say nice things about his brother's performance 
>> Eric: I think I did. 
>> Andrea: That would be bad if you said he didn't do well 
>> Andrea: Bob and I have the segment on america's newsroom for six years. This morning, it was outed last night I wasn't watching the debate. I was at a rush concert. But I watched the debate when I got home. I got an e-mail from surprisingly the lead singer of kansas. A big deal to me. John alafonte, all the way to the right. Classic rock jungie. I have older siblings and grew up in a diner. Give me a break. He wrote me an e-mail and he said a message for you. He said I saw your mini debate with beckel. "Who is rush?" Is he in the stone age? Meaning you. If I had to guess I'd say you ARE IN YOUR YOUNG 30s, GLAD To hear you're in to classic rock. I sang with kansas. He said keep it up, "the five" is my favorite show. Classic rom bands, skynard. 

[00:57:34]


>> Eric: Stuck in '80s. 
>> Andrea: We listen to classic rock. 
>> Eric: Was the reference earlier? 
>> Andrea: "A-team." 
>> Dana: Tomorrow stand by for one more thing will make you go ew! Tomorrow, megyn kelly, she did an interview with mrs. Laura bush, former first lady and it will air tomorrow at 1:00 p.M. I'll be on with her after that. Look at the clip for the interview, with advice for the current mrs. Romney. Oh, boy. And mrs. Obama. Take a look. 
>> Get through without thoughts for me, for sure. I wish them both the best. I know whatt's like. These are the last, I know people are tired. They're tired probably, because they have campaigned really. Very hard. I know that the adrenaline rush of the last few weeks and few days. And election night. So, of course, I just wish them the best. 
>> Dana: That will air tomorrow. Mrs. Bush doing rights for women and girls around the world. 
>> Greg: You know those people? Good people? Banned phrase of the day is daylight. Prim now using the word to describe the separation or creating a distance between objects like daylight between vailed and the united states. Or -- israel and united states. Or my dog casper and dana's dog jasper. It should be used to describe the horrible stuff that comes through the window in the morning and gives me an awful headache. 
>> Eric: Could it be used for the widening gap in the gasolineup will polls between romney and obama? 
>> Greg: It can be used in that case and only that case. 
>> Dana: It represents the difference between you and me on the libya answer in the debate last night. There was daylight between us. 
>> Andrea: Bob's enemy. Because that's god's flashlight, right? You're out until 6:00 in the morning, daylight? You don't like it? What is wrong, grumpy. Sourpuss. 

[00:59:35]


>> Bob: I lost my mic. It's been a wonderful show. 
>> Eric: Thank you for watching. See you tomorrow. 
>> Bret: Two weeks and counting. The debates are over. Now the challenger is charging. The president is rebooting. 

﻿Title: The FOX Report With Shepard Smith
Description: Analysis and interpretation of the day's lead stories.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 7:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/30/1999
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> Two weeks from today, americans in all 50tes will step into the voting booth. 
>> Paul ryan and I are going to work nonstop crisscrossing the country to get people to get energized and to get out and vote. Bret wreathow, americans have just days to decide in an election that will shake the course of our country. Hundreds sick and some dead after a massive outbreak of meningitis. Now, newly released records raise questions about the pharmacy at center of it all. Tonight, did regulators cut this company a break. Plus, a little girl home alone when criminals break into her house. 
>> Are they on the front porch now. 
>> No. They are in my house. I don't know how they got. In I locked the door. 
>> Tonight, her desperate call for help and what happened when deputies arrived. 
>> Shepard: But first from fox this tuesday night, two weeks until election day, and tonight the candidates are storming the battleground states and making their closing arguments to the voters. A new poll shows governor mitt romney jumping aed ahead of president obama for the first time since the conventions. The governor halls a new 1 point lead in the new "the washington post" tracking poll that's a sta tis it particular call tie. Itunder scores president obama's challenge. It's the lowest approval rating for the president since late last month. And that survey was done before the final debate. Today, the president and governor romney picked um where they left off last night. The president says americans cannot trust the governor 
because he is, quote: All over the map. 
>> We're accustomed to seeing politicians change their positions from like four years ago. We are not accustomed to seeing politicians change their position from four days ago. 
>> Attacks on m are not an agenda. The president -- we have gone through four debates now. We have gone through four debates with the vice presidential debate and my debates and we haven't heard an agenda from the president. That's why his campaign is taking on water and our campaign is suppose full speed ahead. 

[00:02:19]


>> Shepard: Now the president is handing out a new booklet. A booklet in which he explains his plan for jobs and middle class security. And that tees up team fox coverage. Carl cammeron is in del ray beach, florida tonight dined of a dar night. Ed henry is live with us from dayton, ohio. What is in this newklet? 
>> Shep, it's interesting. I have got it right here. It's 20 pages, as you say a plan for jobs and middle class security. The obama camp says they are going to it slide it under 3 million doors among undecided voters, key battle grounds like here in ohio as well as florida. They have been on defense over that because of the fact that you have republicans, like mitt romney, paul ryan have been hitting him saying he hasn't laid any specifics about a second term agenda. So the president puts out this pamphlet today he has a 60 second ad he looks straight into the camera and says this is what I will do in a second term. He talks about creating jobs. He talks about clean energy. He also talks about cutting the deficit by raising taxes on the rich. This is all stuff he has talked about on the trail. That's why republicans immediately said it's not really new ideas. It's just recycled, shep. 
>> Shepard: Analysts say the president is sharpening his attack ogovernor romney in a more personal way. 
>> He is. You will remember last week he was talking about romnesia, this affliction where someone keeps flip flopping and they forget what their previous positions. Were president ramped that up a little bit today at a rally in florida before he came here to ohio and was talking about mitt romney having romnesia in his words on foreign policy in that debate last night. And then he did get psoernal by saying you flatly cannot trust mitt romney. Take a listen. 
>> In a speece is really excellent at listing all the things that are wrong. He can just go over it verbatim, just boom, booment, boom, boom. Power point presentation. 
[ Laughter ] but, you know what? That's not leadership that you can trust. 
>> Now, the obama camp feels good about that debate last night. Vice president biden was at this rally in dayton a short while ago with the president and said it was not even close. The president won hands down. I also spoke to the president's senior advisor david plouffe. A couple weeks ago they were very confident about the race. Today he still expresses confidence but says look we will know two weeks from now. One of us is right. One of us is wrong. They too not have bravado anymore. 

[00:04:42]


>> Shepard: The ohio secretary of state says more than 800,000 people have already voted either in person or by mail. So last night's debate was obviously too late for them. But among uncommitted voters, 53% say the president won the night according to a cbs news poll. 24 said it was a tie. 23 percent said governor romney won. That was one of those snap polls. And bo men apparently won over some of those undecides as well. The president gained more than 20 points. Governor romney picked up a dozen according to that same survey. Our ownlsters point out that these are initial reactions that can obviously change over time. Of course, there is not much time left. Team fox coverage continues as I mentioned carl cammeron in del ray beach tonight. Governor romney says he is happy about how he performed in the debates. 
>> He recognizes that some of those snap polls didn't show him as the winner. But the romney campaign is very upbeat about all of this. They go back a montd ago when mr. Romney was down in the polls and a lot of folks thought that the debates were essentially going to be a knockout blow for the former massachusetts governor. Now fast forward the debates are over and they don't think last night changed the trajectory which has shown serious momentum for the romney campaign. Even some acknowledged on the democratic side. Mr. Romney sees it as a triumph that he is past the threshold test whether or not he can be commander and c hold his own with the president and lead the world. He made that point pretty obviously when he got today to nevada. His first part of the barn dorm swing round out the last two weeks. Watch. 
>> These debates have super charged our campaign. There is no question about it we are seeing more and more enthusiasm more and more support. We are going to make sure that these campaigns, that the message of these debates, these messages keep going across the country. 
>> For all of the excitement, for all of the attention that the debates have gotten, for all the massive audiences that actually came out, the needle has not moved very much in these polls there has been a shift essentially from the margins where obama was leading and romney was trailing to a reversal now. Next two weeks no, more debates, which means the ground game becomes critically important, shep. Both of them have lots of money to spend but not lots of time to spend it left. 

[00:06:55]


>> Shepard: What do we know about governorney's plan there carl. He is starting thought nevada where there is ads going. Five states the romney campaign is going to be concentrating on the last two weeks. Same five states obama is going to be concentrating on. Florida and ohio. Ohio is everybody's most coveted tossup state. Virginia and colorado right there in the margin of error. In all almost cases. Iowa is turning out to be a huge swing state. Romney will visit all of those states in the next five days. There is also a great deal of attention to being played to both new hampshire and wisconsin. Not as much, it's principally five states that will decide all of this, both candidates are likely to be bumping into one another or their volunteers in every one of those states in the next five days, shep. 
>> Del ray beach, carl, it's good to see you. Lots more politics ahead. First a very tough day for the dow as stocks took the deepest dive since the month of june. Look at this. Weak earnings reports from major companies sent the markets falling. Can you see the sharp plunge in the morning there. Investors recovered some of their losses earlier. By the end down a big way. Nasdaq off 21. Gerri willis is in new york in her studios. This was the dow's lowest close in like seven weeks? 
>> No kidding. Officially a yucky day in the markets. All 10 s&p finished in the red. They were negative. What was driving this as you said earnings not good. Xerox, dupont, 3 m. Good companies, bad results. This even bled over into commodity its. Oil was down. Even apple shares were down. Let me tell you it could have been better. 
>> Shepard: Relatively speaking positive news from facebook. 
>> We have been waiting for good news out of facebook. Government it today. Earnings lost but revenue went up. Why? Well, mainly because of advertising revenues up 36%. This is because they are able to finally actually bring up their mobile advertising. That's something that everybody has been waiting for them to do. Very good news for facebook. We have to wait and see. They also got their monthly user base to increase 26%. People watchhat metric as well. It's really about are they selling advertising on mobile phones. And, yes, they can say finally now they are, shep? 

[00:09:10]


>> Sherd: All right, gerri. You mentioned apple stock took a dive today despite the debuting of ipad mini. Shares dropped more than 3% on this session alone to close at 613 bucks. The company's new smaller and cheaper ipad is much more expensive than rival tablets and investors said they were disappointed in apple for that reason. The mini starts at 329 bucks. Similar size tablets do run cheaper like amazon's kindle fire runs at 160. While the barnes & noble nook hd and the google nexus 7 both start at about 200 bucks. Word of some red flags at the company where investigators say america's meningitis outbreak began. Coming up, reports of rules oken and punishments dodged. Plus an incident at a u.S. Naval base ends with an officer firing a shot and a suspect on the run. Serious news there and much more politics ahead from the journalists of fox news on this tuesday fox report. 14 days and counting. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. ] 

[00:12:27]


[ Female Announcer ] SOME People like to pretend a flood could never happen to them. And that their homeowners insurance protects them. 
[ Thunder crashes ] it doesn't. Stop pretending. Only flood insurance covers floods. ?????? ?????? visit floodsmart.Gov/pretend to learn your risk. 
>> Shepard: State officials in massachusetts are raising major red flags about cleanliness at that pharmaceutical company that' deadly meningitis outbreak. They found visible black specs of fungus from certain medications from that company. According to their preliminary investigation, the company sent out drugs before ensuring they were actually sterile. What's more newly released state records show that inspectors warned about contamination records for years before the meningitis outbreak. For whatever reason they chose not to penalize the pharmacy with any tough fines. Jonathan serrie is in our atlanta newsroom tonight. Atlanta home to the cbc. I understand this company is responding jonathan. 
>> They are indeed responding. The necc hats always provided the massachusetts board of pharmacy full and complete access to its facility and its records. In a written statement tonight, paul says based on that history, it is hard to imagine that the board has not been be fully apprised of both the manner and scale of the company's operations. The state pharmacy board there in massachusetts is moving to permanently revoke the licenses, not only of necc but also its three principle pharmacists, shep? 

[00:14:39]


>> Shepard: Incredible outbreak and deadly. What are they doing to keep this from happening again? 
>> At the state level, massachusetts has announced increased regulation of these compounding pharmacies. There are 25 of them in that state. The increased regulation will include surprise inspections. In fact, the first such inspection was carried out earlier today. A supreme court ruling found that past efforts by the fda to regulate these pharmacies at the federal level were overreaching. But with this latest outbreak claiming at least 23 lives nationwide, there are renewed calls in washington for increased oversight although advocates for the pharmacies warn you need to strike a balance. They argue that too much red tape could potentially prevent these pharmacies from getting life-saving medicines into the into the hands of patients who need them the most, shep? 
>> Shepard: Jonathan sear i didn't in atlanta. Big news for planned parenthood tonight. Of the state of indiana cannot cut off medicaid funding for planned parenthood. That's the ruling from a federal court. Goes on to indiana. This could effect other states as well. Supporters say indiana's law will keep tax dollars going to clinics that perform abortions. Opponents argue it will also keep thousands from getting many other needed services. Indiana wants attorney general says he is debating his next move. More than a dozen states have taken steps to cut funding for planned parenthood in the last few years. A security officer fired a shot at a car just outside the walter reed national medical center in maryland. According to companies, the driver rammed her car into another vehicle. Then tried to back into that security officer. Earlier in the day, the cops say they spotted the car going 90 miles per hour down i-66 in v.A. And the woman was apparently biting into a bar of soap. She is now under arrest but does not face any charges. Cops say they never actually made it on to the base. Well, a deadly shark attack, a stone's throw from a u.S. Air force base and the victim's friend reportedly saw it all map happen. We have the details on that coming. Tornado touches down in a state where twisters are pretty rare it may not be the only one. It's all ahead as fox reports live tonight. Seems they haven't been moving much lately. But things are starting to turn around because of business people like you. And regions is here to help. With the experience and service to keep things rolling. From business loans to cash management, we want to be your partner moving forward. So switch to regions. And let's get going. Together. 

[00:20:13]


>> Shepard: Word tonight of a rare shark attack off the coast of california and this one was deadly. Officials say the victim was a surfer and that his friend witnessed the whole thing. It happened at a beach off vandenburg air force base about 160 miles north of lang. The last known deadly shark attack in the united states was two years ago around the very same spot. And in that case the animal literally took a bite out of the victim's boogie board. Adam housley live in our west coast news hub. What else do we know about this latest attack, adam. 
>> Yes, shepard. Almost two years ago to the day in this same spot we have been told the have been a number of warnings but the out in the area over the last few months. There have been shark sightings as far as south as santa barbara an hour drive south of where this attack took place. We're told it happened at surf beach off the coast of california. A 38-year-old man was surfing with his buddy. His buddy saw him get attacked by ahark and pulled under. He swam to him, took him ashore. Performed cpr. By the time the authorities got there he basically pled to death. The surf board shows signs of shark bites as well as they closed the beach in this area pending this investigation, shepard. 
>> Shepard: We t. Seems we hear a lot about shark attacks but they are really quiet rare, aren't they. 
>> Some people blame jaws. We have done this story about sharks and deadliness of them. Very very rare. In the state only 29 shark attacks. In the u.S. 75 worldwide. No fatalities last year. Only 12 around the globe. You have a one in 11 million chance of being attacked by shark. 1 in 245 million of being killed by a shark. And of the 500 shark species only about 12 areangerous, shepard, and really three of thosehite, bull sharks and tiger sharks are responsible for the majority of all attacks. It's very rare, shepard. 
>> Shepard: Adam housley in l.A. Adam, thanks. Weather alert now. Tornado touchingown in northern california. Two other funnel clouds near sacramento. No word of anybody hurt. The twister did do some damage. 

[00:22:13]


>> We actually did see the tornado. We actually saw their barn just get dismantled right in front of our eyes. 
>> Our barn got thrown 200 feet in the air and right now it's sitting on its roof. It's completely upsides down. 
>> The same storm dumping up to 2 feet of snow in spatters of the syria, nevada. Officials say some local ski areas or officials at some local ski areas say they may open earlier than usual if the snow keeps falling. That could be good news. Margie is with us from i-the in new jersey wwor. Audrey, is this kind of weather unusual for this time of year? 
>> Good evening, shep. That show is also going to benefit the water supply across northern california. Early snow is some good news. It is earlier than usual for the season though. A storm system sitting in the gulf of alaska kind of stalled there. Second day yesterday that is what produced the mountain snow. Also spawned tornadoes which are not unusual for the valley wf california. Last may we had a couple of tornadoes that came through that damaged a couple of the crops. We have tropical storm sandy that's sitting out in the caribbean. As of the latest advisory that came out about 5:00 eastern standard time the track is taking it northward. Going to be making landfall in jamaica tomorrow. It will increase to a category 1 hurricane at that time. Then as we get into thursday, it's going to cross over haiti and cuba and bring flooding rains to that nation. And over the bahamas on friday, also sit just offshore of southern florida by then as well bringing tropical storm force winds to areas like fort lauderdale and miami.. Then the hurricane center currently has it on a track that's going to take it tout to sea as it goes into sunday and monday. We are watching it closely to see exactly what it will do. Shep, over to you. 
>> Shepard: Headed right toward us in the northeast. We will see. Hopefully the hurricane center is right, audrey. 10 trucks in a pileup north of los angeles this morning. California highway patrol officer reports heavy rains may have caused or at least played a big part. They say it all started when a dump truck spun out by a bypass tunnel. That caused 18-wheeler to jackknife and away it went. Three big rigs slammed into the wreckage. Five more 18 wheelers crashed 18 minutes later. The traffic just piled up. Would you look at this? Firefighters spent hours removing one driver from adelished rig. Patrol officers say he went to the hospital with injuries that are not life threatening. The violence in sia certain solid and it's spilling over the border. Threatening other countries, including now, u.S. Allies. Plus the feds are predicting the united states could soon be the top oil producer in the world again. We'll tell you how soon and why coming up as we approach the bottom of the hour and the top of the news as fox reports LIVE TONIGHT.Bayer? This isn't just a headache. TRUST ME, THIS IS NEW Bayer Migraine. 

[00:25:05]


[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE POWER OF Aspirin Plus more in a triple action formula to relieve your tough migraines. NEW Bayer Migraine Formula. used Miles for a golf getaway. Double miles you can actually use... But mr. Single miles can't join his friends because he's getting hit with blackouts. Shame on you. Now he's stuck in a miniature nightmare. Oh, thank you. BUT, WITH THE Capital One Venture Card... You can fly any airline, any flight, any time. Double miles you can actually use. What's in your wallet? Alec jr? It was a gift. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] IT STARTED LONG AGO. The joy of giving something everything you've got. It takes passion. And it's not letting up anytime soon. AT UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, We understand that commitment. And always have. So does aarp, an organization serving the needs of americans 50 and over for generations. So it's no surprise millions have chosen AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. Like all standardized medicare supplement plans, they help cove some of the expenses medicare doesn't pay. And save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs. To find out more, request your free decision guide. Call or go online today. After all, when you're going the distance, it's nice to have the experience and commitment to go along with you. Keep dreaming. Keep doing. Go long. 

[00:28:42]


>> Shepard: That russian rocket lifting off today taking one american and two russians to the international space station for a mission to last five months. They will will join three other astronauts on the international space station. In first week the crew is scheduled to face the heaviest work load in the station's 12 year history including spacewalk repairs and spending -- sending a cargo capsule back to earth. Of course, nasa retired shuttle fleet last year and now it relies on the russian space agency to take astronauts to the iss. Working with private companies to bring launches back to the united states. It's the bottom of the hour. Time for the top of the news. One he largest oil producers on the planet. Now threatening to entirely stop its exports. The ripple effects from such a move could hit us here in the united states and hard. Iran's oil minister said today that if the west tightens economic punishe any further iran will stop exporting droil many nations. Some saying a cut off would amount to economic suicide for iran. World powers say those penalties are meant to curb iran's nuclear program which the rogue nation claor peaceful purposes only. Peter barnes rorting for us tonight from d.C. How big a move cois make on our economy, peter? 
>> Wel it could threaten the economic growth again, shep. At the beginning of this year, like now, iran was making similar threats about oil supplies. That sent the price of crude soaring to nearly $110 a barrel stayed above 11 bucks for 11 straight weeks. The price of gas as you recall hit nearly $4 a gallon in spring. U.S. Economic growth slowed and so did job creation. But, oil traders are now as worried about iran this time around. In fact, oil prices keep dropping down nearly $2 a barrel today. New signs of slower economic growth globally. Lower oil demand and higher supplies from saudi arabia, libya, and even the u.S. Are countering fears of reduced shipments by iran, shep. 

[00:30:55]


>> Shepard: Thankfully, gas prices have been taking a dive over the past couple of weeks, too. 
>> That's right. The summer driving season is over by a month or so. And recent pipeline and refinery problems have been fixed, helping to ease gas prices. They fell 12 and a half cents to $3.65 a gallon in the last week alone. Theiggest weekly drop since 2008. 
>> We expect the national average, which today is at $3.65 to be between $3.40 and $3.50 by elections day. And by thanksgiving, between $3.25 and $3.40. And perhaps even lower by the end of the year. Somewhere between $3.10 and 3.40 cents. 
>> And that, of course, could make up a lot cheaper to go over the river and through the wood this holiday season. Shepard? 
>> Peter barnes in washington. Peter, the united states could soon become the world's top producer of oil and liquid hydrocarbon which include biofuels like ethanol. That's the prediction from city bank, saudi arabia ranks number one. Our oil production could become close in the next year. Analysts credit high technology and higher global demand for oil. This chart shows the rise in u.S. Production of crude over the past five years. City bank predicts it will continue to sore over the next decade turning north america into quote the new middle east. Syria is bleeding into other countries now. Media outlet in turkey reported that antiaircraft shell had come screaming over the syrian border and into a turkish health center. No reports ofny injuries yet. In the last few days we have also seen people in lebanon get caughtp in syria's civil war. This latest incident just one more signal to a detier yalgt situation in a very dangerous region. "The fox report's" correspondent jonathan hunt is on set with us tonht. Jonathan, continued warnings of the dangerous implications of this syrian conflict. No ideas of how to resolve it. 

[00:33:02]


>> Very few ideas, shep. About the only thing we have heard, in fact, warnings the idea of a cease-fire being imposed by bra herminey. That cease-fire to begin on friday seems to be a complete nonstarter on all sides. No other ideas coming from any world leaders and there is a school of thought among some experts that they are paralyzed over what to do about syria. Because of confusion and in some cases fear over who and what might follow president assad's regime. Listen. 
>> Well, I think if you were a country observing sierra and you thought the opposition with a no way capable of managing a transition or governors and you thought there was a vacuum of lawlessness you may decide let's make concessions and a you allow those guys to stay in power. 
>> The united nations food program announced this afternoon it is planning to feed something like 1.5 million syrians into the middle of next year. An indication of just how long the u.N. Believes the civil war will drag on o. 
>> Traveling today and didn't even realize this is now threatening frankly to bring down lebanon's government. 
>> Yeah a lot of lebanese believe that the current government in beirut is too close to the syrian regime of bashar assad. They blame that regime, of course, for last week's devastating car bomb in beirut, a lot of protesters have been on the streets saying that this government must fall. It appears there may well be a new coalition government formed fairly soon. U.S. Officials seem to back that idea. Listen. 
>> We in the united states are not gog to prejudge the outcome of any moves to establish a new governing coalition. This is obviously a lebanese affair. And while we don't want a vacuum of legitimate political authority, we do support this process that is now underway to produce a new government that's responsive to the needs of theebanese people. 
>> But as always, it won't be easy to fashion a new government from lebanon's many political factions. And while there is that vacuum lebanon likely to remain on the knife edge, shep? 

[00:35:13]


>> Shepard: Jonathan hunt, thank you. Police firing tear gas and rubber bullets as they battle violent protesters in a story that tops our news around the world in 80 section. 
-- Seconds. 
>> Panama, rioters hurl stones at cops and set fire to blockades in the streets of a major port city. The rally against a new law that let's the government sell off state-owned land near the panama canal. Demonstrators claim it will end up hurting the local economy. A 10-year-old boy died last week in a riot over the same law. 
>> India. A massive fire ripped through several warehouses in the northwest. Flames and plumes of thick smoke poured from the building's roof tops. Officials evacuated students from a nearby school. At last word, nobody hurt. 
>> Dominican republic, narcotics officers seized more than a ton of cocaine bound for holland in what they call their bigge drug best this year. He they raided residential areas around the capital city of santa doe mingo as well as a nearby tourist reasoning. 
-- Rion. Authorities arrested seven suspected members of a drug gang. United kingdom the british grand prix of lawn mower racing in southeast you t gland. Competitors raced on a field in front of a pub. The grand prix followed days of rain. The soggy course had some racers calling the event mud, sweat, and gears. And that is a wrap on this fox trip around the world in 80 seconds. >> 
>> company behind monster energy drinks. More fthe relatives of this 14-year-old girl who say she dis after drinking two cans of the stuff. Plus, a young girl at home by herself when intruders broke in. So she picked up the phone and called 911. 911, how may I help you? 

[00:37:17]


>> I'm at my house. My mom is at the grocery store and someone got into my house. 
>> Shepard: And it all ended. And why that girl says she was most worried about her dogs. That's coming up. expand to meet the needs of my growing business. Butow am I going to fund it? And I have to fd a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. 

[00:39:30]


[ "The odd couple" theme playing ] humans. EVEN WHEN WE CROSS OUR "T"s D DOT OUR "I"s, We sll run into oblems -- mainly other humans. At liberty mutual insurance, we understand. That's why our auto policies come with accident forgiveness if you qualify, where your rates won't go up due to your first accident, and new car replacement, where if you total your new car, we give you the money for a new one. Call... To talk to an insurance expert about everything else that comes standard with our base auto policy. 
[ Tires squeal ] and if you get into an accident and use one of our certified repair shops, your repairs are guaranteed for life. Call... To switch, and you could save hundreds. Liberty mutual insurance -- responsibility. What'syour policy? Regulate the caffeine don't. These drinks are death traps for young developing girls like my daughter. Doctors say in certain people the energy drinks are risky, listen. 

[00:42:11]


>> People that are we call slow metabolizers of caffeine tend to have more problems with cardiac or heart problems. Heart racing, chest pain, things like that. So that if you are very sensitive to caffeine, you may have a problem with these energy drinks. 
>> The family of the 14-year-old girl is pushing to get these drinks regulated by the f.D.A., Shep. 
>> Shepard: What else are we hearing from monster, trace? 
>> Well, monster sent along its condolences of the family of the 14-year-old girl but said over the past 25 years the company has sold 8 billion cans of monster energy drinks and 70 companies and have never heard of a fatality and have never been sued. Monster does not believe it's responsible for the girl's death saying and I'm quoting here neither the science nor the facts support the allegations that have been made. Monster reiterates that its products are and have always been safe. Monster sells about 10 different kinds of energy drinks. Shep? 
>> Shepard: Trace, anything from the food and drug administration. 
>> The fda has not made a public statement yet. They made it very clear to us they are investigating all five of these deaths that might be linked to monster drinks. Going on to say and I'm quoting here. Adverse event reports serve as a signal to fda and does doo not prove causation between a product or ingredient and an adverse event. In other words, there is no proof yet that monster is responsible for any of these deaths. Shep? 
>> Shepard: Trace gallagher live in los angeles. Thanks. What an ordeal for a 10-year-old girl after several people broke into her house while she was home alone. Here is rick folbaum. 
>> Peyton mock was home sick from school in washington. Her mom was out getting her a sandwich about six miles away when someone came to their front door. 
[Doorbell ringing] 
>> see called and said somebody was aging the doorbell. I said don't answer it. And she said well, they keep ringing. I said well, don't answer it. 

[00:44:14]


>> So then I check right there. And by the window. And I saw a teenager. 
>> And then she said they are in the house. She said mom I see them. I said hang up, call 911. 
>> That's exactly whathe did. Hiding in the pantry as burglars went through the house. 911, how may I help you? 
>> I'm at my house. My mom is at the grocery store and someone got into my house. I don't know how they got. In I locked the door but my dogs are in the house. I'm afraid they are going to get killed. 
>> Meantime her mom was racing home. 
>> My foot was down on the gas and I was -- I was blazing. I was passing cars left and right. 
>> The dispatcher told paityn to sneak out of her house. So she slipped through the garage and ran behind a tree. 
>> They can clearly see me. I'm trying to hide. 
>> Okay. Just keep trying to hide. You are doing good, okay? 
>> That's when paityn's mom arrived and ran toward the house. 
>> Mommy, mommy. No, don't go in there. Mommy, they are going -- my mom went inside. 
>> But at that very moment, sheriff's deputies rolled up at the scene. They caught one guy outside and everybody is okay. Paityn. 
>> Yes. 
>> You did a very good job. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Okay. You were very strong and you did a very good job, all right? 
>> Thank you. 
>> Shepard: She did do a good job. That little girl's ordeal lasted about 14 minutes. Investigators say they found drugs and stolen guns inside the house. And they are still looking for two more suspects. Well, a day after an italian court inexplicably sentenced a group of scientists to prison because they failed to predict a deadly earthquake back in 2009. Some of those sign -- scientist colleagues are quitting in protest. Four top disaster experts say they simply cannot properly do their own work after yesterday's manslaughter convictions of six scientists and exgovernment officials. Scientists around the world have denounced this trial saying it sets a dangerous precedent. They point out there is simply no reliable way to predict earthquakes and say it is ridiculous to hold experts accountable for natural disasters. A warning to voters in florida now after some received fake letters ton are ton telling them they may not be eligible to cast their ballots. Investigation is underway to find out who sent them. Changes in store at a major series of u.S. Airports. And that means the t.S.A. Will no longer get to see you naked. T.S.A., We'll be back. based on this chart ? Don't rush into it, I'm not looking for the fastest answer. Obviously Verizon. Okay, I have a different chart. Going that way, does that make a difference ? Look at Verizon. It's so much more than the other ones. So what if we just changed the format altogether ? Isn't that the exact same thing ? It's pretty clear. Still sticking with Verizon. Verizon. More 4G LTE coverage than all other networks combined. ] steve. He loves risk. But whether he's climbing everest, scuba diving the great barrier reef with sharks, or jumping into the market, he goes with people he trusts, which is why he trades with a company that doesn't nickel and dime him with hidden fees. So he can worry about other things, like what the market is doing and being ready, no matter what happens, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense, from td ameritrade. 

[00:50:09]


>> Shepard: We have all heard the knocks on those full body x-ray scanners at the airport. The transportation security administration is now removing them from some of the busiest airports in the country including jfk, lax and o'hare. They have been at security checkpoint since 2009. Though it seems like 30,000 years. The scanners are controversial because they use low levels of radiation and because they create what looks like naked images of passengers. The t.S.A. Is to replace them with different scanners that don't emit any radiation and get this, they create cartoon like images of people. The feds say the move is designed to speed up security at checkpoints and really has nothing to do with the controversy. So they are moving these full body x-ray screeners to smaller airports. Where they have more time for that awesome screening. Somebody sending bogus lters to mostly republic voters in the battleground state of florida telling them they may not be eligible to vote. The officials say the letters are fake and designed to confuse voters. One of the letters reads and 
here is a quote: You must complete the attached voter eligibility form and return it to the supervisor of elections office within 15 days of receipt. Failure to submit this form within 15 days will result in the removal of your name from the voter registration roles and you will will no longer be eligible to vote. Of course, none of that is true. Phil keating is in our south florida newsroom. These letters questioning folks' citizenship or what? 
>> Shep, every single florida voter who received one of these fake letters is, in fact, a u.S. Citizen and all but one a registered republic. People like well john dean deangeles surprise at this letter. Important in west virginia and lives in naples florida. To to him and many others in florida, the letters while they sure look real and official and that's where voter suppression could happen. 
>> My concern is that the obscenity ballot folks, elderly folks in florida that aren't as mobile can't get to the election office and they may be on the fence whether or not to vote in the election they are going to decide not to risk it. 

[00:52:17]


>> Nationwide, voter intimidation is a felony, punishable by a large fine and up to it a year in jail, shep. What's the likelihood catching and whoever is sending these letters. 
>> It's really hard to say so far. The investigation really just getting underway. All of these noncertified letters from mailed from a mail postal facility in seattle, washington which, of course, has nothing to do with the state of florida. No return address. They have been landing all over the state of florida in enough to 24 of 67 counties in this enormous battleground state with enormous battleground issues in the past. This clever letter is a first. 
>> Any time anybody is trying to prevent somebody from voting. That's a serious issue. So, in our state, we have zero tolerance. We want people to vote. We want honest, fair elections. 
>> The state of florida now warning all florida voters ignore these fake letters, call them if you get one of these and early voting in florida begins on saturday. Shep. 
>> Shepard: Phil keating live in south florida. Phil, thanks. If you watched last night's presidential debate here on fox news, had you a lot of company. We got great news today and we thank you. Nielsen ratings show the debate was the most watched program ever aired in 16 years of fox news channe the previous record a tie between last week's second presidential debate and the 2008 vice presidential debate between joe biden and sarah palin. Among the continues of millions who tuned in to watched dewait actually here it was 11.4 million a few dozen guantanamo bay detainees were watching as well. The pentagon reports that two cell belongs of better behaved inmates were allowed to watch the debates on tv. Those in another cellblock listened on the radio they toll us. Candidates never got around to debating the future of gitmo, at least not last night. A hot pursuit down under when a kangaroo shows up at an airport. The chase to take down coming up as we make room for mr. Bill o'reilly on this tuesday night. 

[00:57:26]


>> Shepard: The restrictions for carry on luggage are not as bad if you have your own pouch. The kangaroo did not receive a warm welcome at the melbourne airport in australia. The thing turned up in a parking garage, hopped around a bit until the wildlife officer eventually nailed the creditor with a tranquilizer gun. The kangaroo had a short nap, the vet examined it. They plan to release it back in the wild. The poor thing was probably looking for buddy over at qantas. A shark attack near vandenberg air force base. Number four health officials say the company linked to the deadly meningitis outbreak across the country shipped injectable steroids before it even got reports of sterility test apple unveiled new ipad mini designed to compete with amazon kindle fire. The dow plumb netted 233 today. The third worse day of the entire year. Number one tonight, two weeks until election day, the candidates hitting key swing states including florida and nevada. And that's "the fox report's" top five. And on this day in 1983, a suicide bomber drove a truck packed with explosives into the u.S. Military barracks in beirut, lebanon. They killed 241 marines, sailors, and soldiers. Civil war had gripped lebanon for nearly a decade. The united states sent in hundreds of marines to help a multinational force quell the violence. But the situation continued to spiral out of control. And on that day an explosion equal to 18,000 pounds of dynamite destroyed the barracks buildings. President ronald reagan announced the end of the u.S. Peace keeping role there. Never identified the bombers. Now deadly violence has returned to beirut where it was a dark and bloody morning 2 years ago today. And now you know the news for this tuesday, october the 23rd, 2012. I'm shepard smith. We're all back tomorrow, noon pacific, 3:00 eastern for "studio b." And right back here fox reports live tonight. Thanks for trusting us for your news and information. Mr. Bill o'reilly is next. 

[00:59:46]


>> The o'reilly factor is on, tonight. 
>> Governor, the problem is is that on a whole range of issues, you have been all over the map. 
>> Bill: President obama once 

﻿Title: The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Left and every moment count. 
>> It's on to a 14-day push. 
>> The campaign is now in a frantic. 
>> All important. 
>> Campaign push. 
>> With dueling events happening this very hour. 
>> Both candidates are on the trail this hour. 
>> Romney's foreign policy has been wrong and reckless. 
>> The president has not articulated. 
>> I'm proud to talk about what's in my plan. If you want to take a look, check it out. 
>> Do you play it safe? 
>> We need to fix our problems. 
>> Do you go more gresive? 
>> There is no quit in america. 
>> Do you take some chances? 
>> You want to control your destiny. 
>> A lot of talk about momentum in this race. 
>> These polls indicate momentum. 
>> You can strach two more states off the list of toss-ups. 
>> And now there are seven. 
>> The battle ground has changed one again. 
>> It seems to me there are seven. 
>> Colorado or wisconsin. 
>> North carolina, nevada. 
>> Virginia and colorado. 
>> But there really are only one. 
>> Ohio, ohio, ohio. 
>> I don't know that mitt romney gets there. 
>> Gets where the president and biden are today. 
>> God bless you ohio. 
>> We're moving forward. America is coming back and I've got news for governor romney. 
>> If you don't run chris christie, romney will be the nominee and he'll lose. 
>> With just 14 days until the election, president obama began the day campaigning in florida and then flew to ohio where he tried to reinforce the obama message in last night's debate. 
>> America needs leadership that is strong and steady. Unfortunately governor romney's foreign policy has been wrong and reckless. You heard him last night. During the debate he said he didn't want more troops in iraq, but he was caught on a video just a few months ago saying it was unthinkable not to leave 20,000 troops in iraq. 

[00:02:07]


>> And here is that caught-on-video moment that president obama is referring to. 
>> This president's failure to put in place an agreement to allowing troops to stay in iraq. Un inkable. 
>> Dr. Obama thinks he saw more system toms of romnesia last night. You wrote an article titled"let detroit go bankrupt." You definitely have a case of romnesia. There's a cure, but you've got to vote to make sure that the medicine is there for romnesia. 
>> Vice president joe biden is still humble enough to admit that last night's debate left him confused. 
>> Last night you saw governor romney rushing to agree with the president on iraq, afghanistan, syria. He disavowed the foreign policy he's been running on for the past two years, just like that. Half the time I didn't know whether governor romney was there to debate barack obama or endorse barack obama. It was hard to tell. 59.2 million television viewers watched last night's debate, down from 65.6 million who watched the second presidential debate. A cbs poll shows that 53% of uncommitted voters believe president obama won and only 23% believe romney one. And a reuters poll shows 37% obama won and 31% romney won. And 42% believe mitt romney won. Today nate silver forecasts that ON NOVEMBER 6th, PRESIDENT OBAMA Has a 73% chance of winning re-election and mitt romney will win 247 votes. 

[00:04:22]


>> Inowou work while rush limbaugh is on. You actually overlap with him. 
>> I actually have him in my ear. 
>> You can't miss a minute. 
>> So you cut deeply into his first hour of ratings. 
>> I do. 
>> Therefore it is my job to deliver to you what rush has said today. It took him a while but he figured out romney's debate strategy last night. 
>> A lot of people on our side thought he agreed with obama too much. A lot of people on our side didn't like that debate last night. Let me just tell you. If my circle of friends is any indication. A lot of people thought romney got his clock cleaned, didn't like it at all. Think the election is lost. I'm not kidding you. Once I understood the strategy that the romney camp was employing, then the whole thing made sense to me. And the original disquietness and uncomableness and dissatisfaction that I was sensing melted away. And I had an entirely different view -- I thought from the get-go obama looked mean. I thought he looked petulant. I thought he did not look likable. 
>> Romney's strategy was to make obama look mean. It took rush all morning to figure that out. 
>> Theories like that don't -- 
>> you've got to think about it. 
>> Who is in rush limbaugh's circle of friends? That gaggle of crows. 
>> Ppp has been tracking the circle of rush's friends every day throughout the election. 
>> It's like honestly people on the left thought obama threw the first debate so he could come back hard in the second. This is nonsense. Mitt romney did get his clock cleaned but far be it from anybody on the right to give the president any kind of credit. The idea here is that the operating principle is mitt romney is going to pivot as hard to the center as he possibly can, to the point of giving president obama a bear hug on foreign policy on every single issue that pertains to american's role on the global stage, whether it's iran, pakistan, the usage of drones. There was no daylight between the two. I will say the only brilliance is that it is very difficult for the president to make a strong case against the republican party when someone is bear hugging you that closely. It is like trying to get a glass of water from the mirage in the des the burden of proof lies with the american voters. 

[00:07:18]


>> What I'm left is the question of what should romney have said? He had embraced the obama positions, all of which are better positions than the romney positions. So, what choice did he have? Stick with the bad position that can scare people? 
>> Totally the right strategy. I think it was -- look. The problem that mitt romney has had for the duration of the two years he's been running for office is that he has a lot of positions that aren'ry popular. And he had to keep hammering those positions because he constantly had to shore up his rit. At a certain point they got desperate enough that they basically said go do your thing and now he's doing his thing and they've made the correct strategic choiceness so far as the american public is weary. They don't want to hear you talk about how we should have more troops in iraq and we shouldn't come back from afghanistan and how we should essentially from a red line with iran that might put iran over the line as we speak. They don't want to hear that because they are unpopar and terrible policy positions so they are strategically wise to disavow them. The question is people will ask eventually, do you have -- is there a single fixed principle do you have? Do you have any -- seriously, there's something almost breath taking about it. I would actually rather a politician have no principles then have really strongly believed in terrible principles. 
>> You've got your candidate. 
>> But there is also something terrifying about someone who really manifesand with a kind of, almost unnerving convincingness will tell you something as if he hasn't changed his mind. Rachel made this point last night. You can change your mind on an issue and say look, I was wrong. They had to have their come to jesus moment, I was wrong, now I'm right, I've changed my mind. But romney just pretends he never had the position before. And that is very unnerving. 

[00:09:23]


>> And we're not talking about economic issues or positions on health care or the like. We're talking about war. 
>> There was a giant romney behind you on the big board for a while because he's giving a live speech by the way. As soon as he says something interesting we'll let him interrupt you. The giant romney is over your shoulder. Don't let that affect you in any way. 
>> He won't. If it was a gia rush it would be different. To your point chris and to rachel's point fwr. We talk about who is the most despeckable person in politics. And with regards to mitt romney, there's been no sort of seeming deliberation over any of these issues. It is as the president said, a white washing of history and a romnesia and that is incredibly disconcerting as long as you remember that he started from a diffent place and that's the big question, right? He woo look at the numbers in s of viewership on all these debates. 52 or 53 million people we are hoping they were watching before the debates even began. 
>> Rachel's points last night when you talk about 60 plus thousand troops whose lives are on the line and this is something you make a calculation about 15 days before the election because there's a certain amount of bad faith. That's the thing I find so trouble some. I think it's tra technologicallically wise, it's been executed fairly defendantly. There's a fundamental bad faith that is unnerving. Do people get that? Is there a visceral appreciation of the fact that he is showing up at your door telling you whatever it is you want to here. 
>> The obama counter to this is don't trust him, don't trust him. But they're speaking to what is now left, this tiny sliver of undecideds and those people don't trust politicians. That's why they're unded. They don't trust president obama, they don't trust their local mayor. So I'm not sure a trust argument works with people in that kind of voting pattern. 

[00:11:35]


>> I think that's true. You've seen and you've played a lot of sound from obama and biden on the stump today. They are putting heart out there like they have not before on this campaign trail. Joe biden has a proclivity towaror sun glasses. But it is this idea that you can believe in obama, that he has the heart, he has legitimacy, he has this moral compass that mitt romney doesn't have. I will say when delivering these lines, which fundamentally are campaign lines and which obama delivered last night with aplom, there is something more fundamentally maybe more believable and convincing in them. Hopefully that sways independent voters. I don't know. 
>> I think also they've done a very good job. At this point and it's a very apt point by you that the undecideds don't trust politicians. There is an authority that comes with being the president of the united stes that they have been leaning on harder and harder. You saw it in the secretary debate when he's talking about the deaths in benghazi. I'm the president and you've seen him using that card playing it more and more and I think at this point, lord knows what is in the mind of those few undecided voters. 
>> Apparently our control room has decided is more important that any word that the giant romney was saying. 
>> He's decided to completely go all in. 
>> Thank you very much for keeping the giant romney quiet. 
>> It's our great pleasure. 
>>> Coming up. The obama campaign's target, ohio, ohio and ohio. And in the rewrite, how another comedian may have been the source for president obama's best line of the night. . 

[00:15:43]


>>> Last night the presidential candidates were fighting over foreign policy, but they were really fighting over ohio. We'll show you how, next. And in the rewrite tonight, we will reveal the comedy writer who came up with the horses and bayonets line. That's coming up. Wrooivg ] humans -- even when we cross OUR t's AND DOT OUR I's, We still run into problems. Namely, other humans. Which is why, at liberty mutual insurance, auto policies come with new car replacement and accident forgiveness if you qualify. See what else comes standard at libertymutual.Com. Liberty mutual insurance. Responsibility. What'syour policy? running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, WE'RE TEAMING UP WITH COMPANIES LIKE Cisco To help make sure everyone's ready with the know how we need for a new tomorrow. 
[ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. ?????? ?????? . 
>>> >> We've already created 5.2 million jobs. We've already brought back the automobile industry. The president and I worked so hard to rescue the automobile industry right here in ohio, more than 100,000 jobs are directly supported. 
>>> That was joe biden today in tow toledo. 

[00:17:49]


>> I said these companies need to go through a managed bankruptcy and in that process they can get government help and government guarantees but they need to go through bankruptcy to get rid of excess costs and the debt burden that they've built up -- 
>> that's no not what you said. 
>> Under no circumstances would I do anything other than than to help the industry get on its feet. The idea that has been suggested that I would liquidate the industry. Of course not. 
>> Let's check the record. 
>> I have never sd that i would liquidate the industry. 
>> You were very clear that you would not provide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if they went through bankruptcy. You said that they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. 
>> That exchange caused a huge spike in positive sentiment online for president obama. As you can see from this graphic from taykey. The obama campaign is now run thg ad in ohio and six other states. 
>> There's just no quit in america and you're seeing that right now. Over 5 million new jobs. Supports up over 41%. Home values, rising, our auto industry, back. And our heros cing home. We're not there yet, but we've made real progress and the last thing we should do is turn back now. Here's my plan for the next four years. Making education and training a national priority. Building on our manufacturing boom, boosting american-made energy. Reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and askinghe wealthy to pay a littlf more. And ending the war in afghanistan so we can do some nation building here at home. That's the right path. So read my plan, compare it to governor romney's and help me decide which is better for you. It's an honor to be your president and I'm asking for your vote so together we c keep moving america forward. 

[00:19:59]


>> Joining me now are former ohio governor ted strickland and robert reich a professor at university of california, berkeley. 
>> Governor, I want to read so we can remember what he said. If general motors, fod and chrysler get the bailout that their chief executives asked for yesterday, you can kiss automatic motive industry good-bye. It won't go hoefr night, but its demise will be virtually guaranteed. Without that bailout, detroit will need to drastically restructure itself. Does anyone in ohio think that mitt romney's nonplan for the auto industry would have the industry where it is today? 
>> There may be one or two. But most ohioans understand what this president has done for ohio and michigan and indiana and many other states where this industry is so vietly important. He rightly should be embarrassed. Not necessarily for the position he took. That was his position. But to try to, as the president said, air brush history, rewrite what actually happened, to take credit for something that he drastically opposed, strongly opposed, is just unseemly. But we've seen that throughout the last two or three weeks with his etch-a-sketch remaking of himself. 
>> Robert reich, given the president's history on the subject, given mitt romney's history on the subject, what would you advise mitt romney to say under these circumstances. 
>> I think mitt romney be would do well to be honest and say look, I was wrong. I didn't want to bail out the industry but the president did and the president was right and I've come clean. I have enough integrity and moral fiber to be able to say that. And I also don't believe the american people are so stupid as to believe that I didn't say what I actually said just a few months ago. Of course you're dealing with a chameleon. You're dealing with somebody who is willing to say anything, anywhere, any place, any time to anybody in order to get votes and that's why it's so important in ohio and around the country foe democrats, for president obama, for everybody who believes in this country to make sure that romney is held accountable for what he has said, what he believes. 

[00:22:34]


>> Listen to what he said last night, as expected he made that day one promise about chinese currency manipulation. 
>> I've watched year in and year out as companies have shut down and people have lost their jobs because china has not played by the same rules. In part by holding down artificially the value of their currency. It holds down the prices of their goods. It means our goods aren't as competitive and we lose jobs. That's got to end. They're makg some progress. They need to make mo. That's why on day one I will label them a currency manipulator which allows them to apply tariffs where they're taking jobs. 
>> Governor strickland, we've made more progress on chinese currency under president obama than we did under bush. Do voters in ohio understand this currency manipulation argument? 
>> Well, I don't know if they understand that. But they understand mitt romney's history. They understand that he's the guy who outsourced jobs to china. Mitt romney is trying to sound tough. He's trying to sound mature. But quite frankly, I think he comes across as, you know, a guy who really doesn't know much about foreign policy. What he knows is how to outsource jobs. How to take his own personal wealth. And enrich himself by putting that wealth in the cayman islands or bermuda or china or where ever. Ohioans haveigured this guy out. I believe ohio is going to do the right thing. This president has stood up for us, as has senator brown with this trade issue. The tire issue, which the president mentioned last night, he helped save jobs here in ohio and in america by stopping the importation of these cheap chinese tires. Mitt romney in his book criticized the president. Said it was tragic, the wrong thing to have done, bad for our economy and now two weeks before an election, he's trying to sound tough on china. It's just almost -- I don't know. He ought to be embarrassed. As the secretary said, this man ought to have the courage and the integrity to stand up for what he has been saying for the last two years. And not try to reinvent himself a handful of days before this election. 

[00:25:06]


>> Robert reich. 
>> I was just going to say, lawrence, that the only consistent threat in romney's approach to economics and approach to american industry is the bottom line. He says and he still believes that corporations are people. And he still believes that the way you measure the health of an economy is by the profitability of the corporations. That's why when he was pressed on his position with regard to general motors and chrysler, what he said was he thought bankruptcy would be better than the kind of government support that actually save jobs. The problem is bankruptcy would have generated huge employment losses. It would have generated maybe a tiny little company that was profitable but it would not have protected american jobs. This is what this man doesn't understand. 
>> And steve ratner was on "hardball" earlier tonight and he said it was so bad at that time that they didn't have money to pay for their supplies, they would close their does doors and liquidate. That's how bad I was when the president intervened. Ted strickland and robert reich, thank you for joining me. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> Coming up, nbc news is now officially narrowing the battle ground states to seven. We'll take a look at those states next. And in the rewrite, we will unmask the comedy writer who come up with the horses and bayonets line, the line of the night in last night's debate. And later d.L. Hughley will tell us exactly what romney was thinking when the president was lecturing him about horses and bayonets. Of any small business credit card. Your boa! 
[ Garth ] THOR'S SMALL BUSINESS EARNS DOUBLE Miles on every purchase, every day! Card. 
[ Garth ] WHY SETTLE FOR LESS? The spiked heels are working. Wait! 
[ Garth ] GREAT BUSINESSES DESERVE THE MOST Rewards! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE Spark Business Card FROM Capital One. Choose unlimited rewards with double miles or 2% cash back on every purchase, every day! What's in your wallet? 

[00:27:11]


[ cheers and applause ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] JILL AND HER MOUTH HAVE Lived a great life. But she has some dental issues she's not happy about. So I introduced jill to crest pro-health for life. Selected for people over 50. Pro-health for life is a toothpaste that defends against tender, inflamed gums, sensitivity and weak enamel. Conditions people over 50 experience. Crest pro-health for life. So jill can keep living the go life. Crest. Life opens up when you do. ] steve. He loves risk. But whether he's climbing everest, scuba diving the great barrier reef with sharks, or jumping into the market, he goes with people he trusts, which is why he trades with a company that doesn't nickel and dime him with hidden fees. So he can worry about other things, like what the market is doing and being ready, no matter what happens, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense, from td ameritrade. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 

[00:30:20]


>>> in 1973, the year after running the most liberal presidential campaign in the history of the democratic party, south dakota senator george McGOVERN NEGOTIATED TO TRY TO End the arms standoff on the reservation where russell means was born. George was born in south dakota and grew up to be a united states senator and the 1972 democratic nominee for president. Russell means was born eight years later on the pine ridge indian reservation and grew up to be a leader of the american indian movement. A group that protested the history of signing and viementing government treaties. george McGovern was 90 years old when he died on sunday. Russell means died the next day on the pine ridge indian reservation. He was 72. According to the new york times, a few months before he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer last year, russell means cut off his braids. He said it was a gesture of mourning for his people. The sioux believe that hair holds memories and mourners cut their hair to release those memories and to release the people in those memories to the spirit world. ?????? ?????? 

[00:33:15]


[ Male Announcer ] IT STARTED LONG AGO. The joy of giving something everythiou've got. It takes passion. And it's not letting up anytime soon. AT UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, We understand that commitment. And always have. So does aarp, an organization serving the needs of americans 50 and over for generations. So it's no surprise millions have chosen AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. Like all standardized medicare supplement plans, they help cover some of the expenses medicare doesn't pay. And save you up to thousands in out-of-pocket costs. To find out more, request your free decision guide. Call or go online today. After all, when you're going the distance, it's nice to have the experience and commitment to go along with you. Keep dreaming. Keep doing. Go long. Mini-Wheat right. Perfect golden color. Rich in fiber. My dad taught me, and I taught my son out there. Morning, pa. Wait... Who's driving the...? 99 bushels of wheat on the farm, 99 bushels of wheat ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] YEP, THERE'S 8 LAYERS OF WHOLE GRAIN FIBER IN THOSE Mini-Wheats???? Biscuits... To help keep you full... 45 bushels of wheat ?????? ...All morning long. Knowledge there's a big breakfast... 
[ Mini ] YEE HAW! ...IN THOSE FUN LITTLE Biscuits. . 
>>> Hello, toledo. 
>> Thank you nevada, great to be with you! 
>> Hey colorado! Hey colorado! Are you ready to help us win this thing? 
>> We will within palm beach county again. We'll win florida again. We'll finish what we started. We will win this election. And will remind the world why the united states of america is the greatest nation on earth. 

[00:35:19]


>> In the spotlight tonight, the new, smaller battle ground map with just two weeks until election day, the new map finds the race narrowing down to just seven states. Colorado, florida, iowa, new hampshire, iowa, virginia, wisconsin. Nevada is leaning towards president obama, while north carolina is leaning towards romney. The washington host that's the two tied. The reuters poll has them tied and it also projects that president obama will virginia, ohio wnd win the presidency. Krystal, paul ryan's not too practiced about campaigning in more than one state. His whole life he's had to say hello wisconsin. Didn't it seem like he was trying to convince himself? 
>> It seemed a little odd like he was w working himself up. Honestly, I've been talking to a number of moderate republicans, traditional north eastern moderate rockefeller republicans who are uncomfortable with paul ryan. Who feel he's not ready to be commander in chief and feel his budget is too far to the right, too extreme and not what they want the republican party to be champonning. 
>> Steve what I love about this narrowing is I don't have to pay attention to as many states. I personally have decided to just pay attention to just ohioment so I'm relying on you to watch those states. So it's becoming more and more real as we get closer. 
>> Yeah. I think the way I'm trying tho lo at this map and the way I'm understanding, obama is ahead in the electoral college right now. There are two things that romney needs to accomplish here. The first is you look at these obama '08 states he needs to flip. One is north carolina, florida, virginia, colorado. I think he's well positioned take back north carolina, he's probably ahead in florida right now and I would put virginia and colorado basically in the toss-up category. To get past the first level romney needs to take all of those. Then we can get into the second level where he can take on ohio on top of that, or t take wisconsin plus new hampshire, iowa or nevada and he becomes the president that way. It's plausible but that gives you a sense of obama has a lot of opportunities here to ruin mitt romney's path completely. Pick off colorado or virginia and we might not even have is to talk about ohio. 

[00:38:11]


>> When there's a monday debate in florida, you have to go there for the whole weekend. 
>> Is that how that works? I went to kentucky. 
>> Yeah. So when I wasn't on the beach, i was watching tv and catching these florida ads and the obama ads, pro obama ads, a lot of attack ads, but the pro obama ads are all targeted to women and it's all about planned parenthood. It's just quoting romney saying get rid of planned parenthood. We have new debate news tonight from repcan world on these issues because we've had this debate in indiana in the senate race where the candidate there endorsed by romney said tonight in the debate th rape pregnancies, I'm going to quote him now, are something that god intended to happen. That has forced the romney campaign to immediately come out, while we've been on the air tonight, and say, in a statement only, governor romney disagrees with richard murdoch's comments and they do not reflect his views. This is one of those things for the romney campaign where this issue will keep coming at them, not just from the obama ads, but also from within the party. 
>> Right. And they just thought they had gotten past having to talk about todd akin and his comments, now we have richard murdoch to remind voters how extreme the entire republican party. These are not isolated incidents. I don't know why we're shocked. 
>> I didn't look shocked. 
>> You didn't look shocked. This is the republican party platform. No abortions, no exceptions, even in cases of rape or incest and these gs have to find a way to justify it to themselves. 
>> We have the video coming in from the debate so we can listen to the way he said this. Let's watch this. 
>> The bottom line is, that if in fact when a man would leave a woman, the mother of his children -- 

[00:40:16]


>> it turns out we don't. The control room is still working on last night's debate. So they don't have it. Steve, this is also a very risky situation for the republican senate. The republicans should never lose a senate race in indiana and they can do it. 
>> You got the fling that god's intended not to take over the u.S. Senate. This is the second straight election when the republicans went way too far to the right in their primaries. Richard luger would have been a shoe-in if he had been the nominee this year. claire McKas kill was a goner. Those two seats now, I would say after tonight. 
>> The control room now believes that they have it. Let's just see if we're staring at monitors or iffer woo 'actually going to hear this piece of debate. 
>> I too certainly stand for life. I know there are some who disagree and I respect their point of view. But I believe that life begins at conception. The only exception I have to have an abortion is in the case of the life of the mother. I struggled with it, I've come to realize that life is a gift from god and even when it begins in a horrible situation of rape and that it is something that god intended to happen. 
>> This is why the president has such a huge advantage on issues of women's health, on issues of abortion and has maintained such a large gender gap because people are not comfortable with where the republican paesht has gone on woman's right to chien. Tim kaen, when he rain for governor in 2005, the landscape has changed so dramatically, back then when he ran, he said i have a faith based opposition to abortion and went on to explain his position. Now he leads with I will strongly support a women's right to choose. The landscape has shifted so dramatically because republicans have gone way out on a limb where americans are totally uncomfortable. 

[00:42:34]


>> We have the latest statement from candidate mourdock after the debate. Where he says god does not want rape, rape is a horrible thing. And for anyone to twist my words -- what? For anyone to twist my words absurd and sick. 
>> When two major senators had to clarify that yes, rape is a terrible thing. 
>> Thanks for joining me tonight. 
>> Coming up, mitt romney is following the tradition of attacking the united states military. That's in tonight's rewrite. And d.L. Hughley is back with his take on the debate last night. Now find the most hard core driver in america. That guy, put him in it. What's this? 
[ Male Announcer ] TELL HIM HE'S ABOUT TO Find out. You're about to find out. 
[ Male Announcer ] TEST IT. Highlight the european chassis, 6 speed manual, dual exhaust, wide stance, clean lines, have him floor it, spin it, punch it, drift it, put it through its paces, is he happy? Oh ya, he's happy! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND THAT'S HOW YOU TEST Your car for fun. Easy. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] JILL AND HER MOUTH HAVE Lived a great life. But she has some dental issues she's not happy about. So I introduced jill to crest pro-health for life. Selected for people over 50. Pro-health for life is a toothpaste that defends against tender, inflamed gums, sensitivity and weak enamel. Conditions people over 50 experience. Crest pro-health for life. So jill can keep living the good life. Crest. Life opens up when you do. ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? 

[00:45:27]


>>> the comedy writer who came up with the horses and bayonets line, or at least the horses part of it is next in the rewrite. We've been there. That's why every bit of financial advice we offer is geared specifically to current and former military members and their families. 
[ laughs ] Dad!Dad! 
[ applause ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] LIFE BRINGS OBSTACLES. Usaa brings advice. Call or visit us online. We're ready to help. expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. 
>>> In tonight's rewrite, horses and bayonets. 
>> I think governor romney maybe hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, for example, and we have fewer ships than we did in 1916 well we also have fewer horses and bayonets. 

[00:47:29]


>> I asked the president's very adviser who wrote that line and he with a straight face said this. 
>> The president comes up with all our best lines? 
>> He does come up with that? That's the official spin after the spakt fact. 
>> The horses and bayonets line is so good, it's so perfect, that it has the whiff of comedy writer about it. Team obama knew that mitt romney was going to do his bit about having fewer ships than he had in 1916, because romney says that pretty much everywhere he goes. They knew the president had to be ready with that. Someone came up with that devastating line about horses and bayonets. There was something familiar about the horses thing when i heard it. And today, I reached for a book that speech writers have nearby when searching for funny ways of framing political ideas. Al franken's lies and the lying liars tell them. Written in 2004 before he ran for and won a seat in the uds senate. In a chapter entitled bush can't lose with clinton's military. He agrees with this statement by dick cheney. A commander in chief leads the military built by those who came before him. There is little that he or his defense secretary can do to improve the force that they have to deploy. It is all the wor of previous administrations. He points out that bush went to war in afghanistan nine months after taking office. The military took control of a country that the soviet union couldn't control and the before it iv failed to subdue and the military did that in two weeks. It was not the bush/cheney military that let the success slip away. The military that the bush/cheney administration deployed with complete confidence in afghanistan and later in iraq was bill clinton's military much the same military that the bush/cheney campaign chose to lie about every day of our last peace time presidential campaign. Candidate bush repeatedly said that our military was at its lowest state of readiness since pearl harbor. On august 3, 2000, bush said, quote, if called on by the commander in chief today, two entire divisions of the army would have to report not ready for duty, sir. That is when george w. Bush thought he was running for the job of peace-time commander in chief. He found out soon enough that the military was ready for duty. The military that bill clinton handed him. The franken book remind us that republicans running against a democratic white house always attack the military. They always claim that the military is not ready for the challenges the world is presenting. They always claim we need to ramp up military spending. What mitt romney is doing now is strict out of the george w. Bush campaign and the ronald reagan campaign. And what president obama said about it last night is pretty much straight out of this book. In making the point that it is pointless to compare individual budget items in the defense department budget over time, like, say, the number of ships in 1916 versus the number of ships today, al franken, then still a comedy writer, produced a graph comparing the defense budgets of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan on one item. Horses. In 1864, president lincoln requested 188,718 new horses and 120 years later, president reagan, to his eternal shame requested only three. Which led al franken to ask in his book, why did reagan gut our military? And so, to the list of those who worked hard helping president obama prepare for last night's debate, a list that includes john kerry, david axelrod and self several others, perhaps we should add the name of the man whose comedy writing may have planted the seed for the best line of the neat. Al franken. 

[00:52:18]


>> You mention the navy, for example, and that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets.Evere plaque psoriasis. I decided enough is enough. ?????? ?????? 
[ Spa Lady ] I STARTED ENBREL. It's clinically proven to provide clearer skin. 
[ RV Guy ] ENBREL MAY NOT WORK FOR EVERYONE 
-- and may not clear you completely, but for many, it gets skin clearer fast, within 2 months, and keeps it clearer up to 9 months. 
[ Male Announcer ] BECAUSE ENBREL????, ETANERCEPT, Suppresses your immune system, it may lower your ability to fight infections. Serious, sometimes fatal, events including infections, tuberculosis, lymphoma, other cancers, and nervous system and blood disorders have occurred. Before starting enbrel, your doctor should test you for tuberculosis and discuss whether you've been to a region where certain fungal infections are common. Don't start enbrel if you have an infection like the flu. Tell your doctor if you're prone to infections, have cuts or sores, have had hepatitis b, have been treated for heart failure, or if, while on enbrel, you experience persistent fever, bruising, bleeding, or paleness. If you've had enough, ask your dermatologist about enbrel. A Hybrid? Most are just no fun to drive. Now, here's one that will make you feel alive. Meet the five-passenger Ford C-MAX Hybrid. C-MAX says ha. C-MAX says wheeee. Which is what you get, don't you see? Cause C-MAX has lots more horsepower than Prius v, a hybrid that C-MAX also bests in MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. Jack, boring. Ng. Boring. 
[ Jack ] AFTER LAUREN BROKE UP WITH ME, I went to the citi private pass page and decided to be...Not boring. That's how I met marilyn... Giada... Really good. Yes! 
[ Jack ] ...AND ALICIA. ?????? This girl is on fire ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] USE ANY CITI???? CARD To get the benefits of private pass. More concerts. More events. More experiences. 

[00:54:20]


[ Jack ] HEY, WHO'S BORING NOW? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET MORE ACCESS WITH A Citi card. 
[ crowd cheering, mouse clicks ] 
>>> Okay. Let's see it one more time. The line of the night, the most memorable line of all three presidential debates. 
>> You mentioned the navy, for example. And that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Well governor we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. So the question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. 
>> D.L., Look at this guy. What -- now, look at the big board picture if that helps you, but what is that man thinking during this lecture? 

[00:56:27]


>> Right there he acts like the model for ernie from sesame street. I think he was thinking damn horses. 
>> This is what this guy looks like when he really hates somebody. 
>> He looks so constipated to me that clearly is not -- I thought it was his last best shot to really kind of seal the deal and I think that he, to me, him and romney -- him and obama switched places. I think he was obama from the first debate last night. 
>> He was trying to play it safe. 
>> And just, I mean, lies when the truth wil do. I love cars. Like, you know, people -- you can do that and I guess that's a political exercise and it's one that they constantly engage in, but they forget that people have smart phones, we have so many ways that a person at home can just pull up what you said and know that -- you can't look like you're blatantly trying to be deceitful. 
>> There was a moment the families go up on the stage afterwards and tag romney, his idea of a joke I want to take a swing at the president when he says my father was a liar. They shook hand and had a moment. I don't suppose there was any apology there. 
>> It's easy to say something behind someone's back. And I heard I did say he was sorry. So I doen know. 
>> I wouldn't be surprised if the president even heard about it. 
>> I think he heard about it. 
>> I did my joke about it. 
>> Romney world didn't think it was a joke but romney world thinks that what tag art did was a joke. This crazy thing tonight that just erupted in the senate debate with mourdock saying that a rape pregnancy was a gift from god. 

[00:58:33]


>> He said it was god's will. 
>> He said we twist his words. I'm going to twist his words by aying him saying his words. 
>> I, too, certainly stand for life. I know there are some who disagree and I respect their point of view but I believe that life begins at conception. The only exception I have for to have an abortion is in the case of the life of the mother. I just, I struggled with it myself for a long time but i came to realize life is aift from god and I think even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that god intended to happen. 
>> Let me tell you something, that would make him your creepy uncle. The republicans amaze me they're obsessed with smaller government and women's reproductive system. I don't think they'll be able to stop until government is so small it can fit in a woman' vagina. It's amazing to me. 
>> Once again, d.L. Hughley gets 

﻿Title: The O'Reilly Factor
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 11:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Laid back. 
>> Attacking me is not an agenda. Atcking me is not talking about how we're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the middle east. >> 
>> Bill: So who won d who lost? Krauthammer, rove, morris, and I will analyze. 
>> More aggressive moderation? 
>> No. I want answers to the questions. 
>> Bill: This morning on cbs there was a much livelier debate than the one we saw last night. We will show you what happened. 
>> So you didn't learn anything because I didn't learn anything. 
>> Caution, you where to enter the no spin zone, the factor begins right now. Hi I'm bill o'reilly, thanks for watching us tonight. Who won the final debate? That is the subject of this evening's talking points memo. Nobody won but we the american people lost that's because the debate was boring. Same old stuff over and over. And where were pointed questions by moderator bob schieffer? I mean, where was the libya stuff? The pakistan stuff? All the questions were general. Which allowed both candidates to recite their talking points. This morning on cbs, I laid out why the debates are not serving the public as well as they should be. 
>> All three of the debate moderators will not press the issue like you do on 60 minutes. 
>> You want to see a more aggression moderation? 
>> No. I want answers to the questions. If you are going to say we have to be pakistan's friend as governor romney did, then you are going to explain how you get there when pakistan is actively killing u.S. Soldiers. Not just say well, we have to be their friend. Well, how are you going to do that? When you have got a scientist in prison for helping us get usama bin laden. Those questions aren't asked. 
>> The moderator is trying to get something happening here. He is trying to get the candidates to engage each other. It seems that the criticism you are making goes to governor romney not to anyone else because the moderate the goal here is to get them engage each other. 

[00:02:10]


>> Bill: Can I ask you a question. 
>> Okay. 
>> Did you learn one thing during that debate last night? One. 
>> I learned that perhaps governor romney believes he is ahead and, therefore, he took an approach not to be as confrontional as some expected him to be. 
>> Bill: That's a perception on your part, correct? 
>> That's correct. 
>> Bill: You didn't learn anything because I didn't learn anything. I didn't learn one thing. 
>> No. There was nothing there that they said about those issues that I did not know or have not engaged on this program and others. 
>> Bill: Why are we wasting 90 minutes of the american public's time if we're not learning anything? 
>> I mean, I think they probably learned something about the two candidates by watching. Even though it might not have been a specific point on a specific issue. There is something about demeanor. There is something about temperament. There is something about how they handled themselves under the glare of that. 
>> Bill: Let's let dr. Phil interview. 
>> Oh, no, stop that. It's not dr. Phil. 
>> Bill: The key question is why did governor romney avoid asking president obama about the libyan situation. I hope I get to ask the governor that as we are seeking an interview with him and also president obama. My guess is that mr. Romney wanted to appear benign in the debate in order to court single women voters. Polls say romney is running behind with them. And many ladies do not like confrontation. So the governor might have decided to take a softer approach last night knowing the president would be aggressive, which he was. The governor hoping that women would respond positively to him. Might work. My ask the legal ladies later on. Cnn and cbs snap polls say he won the debate. But what exactly did he win? The president looked peevish, word of the day. Foreign knowledge not more than the governor's. They are similar. In the end the third debate was tedious, nothing more. That's the memo. Now for the top story tonight. Analysis with a heavy hitting lineup, morris, road and krauthammer, charles first up for washington. So where am I going wrong here? 

[00:04:22]


>> If you want information did you to the encyclopedia britannica get instructional video on yoga or look up their web site. The reason for the debate is to put the two men together to see how they interac and to get some idea of what you would otherwise never know how are they going to act when they are in a room with vladimir or with the mullahs or negotiating with anybody else? The point is that what you are asking for 500 hours every year the sunday morning inquisition which is a good idea. You lock the candidate in with a person who asks questions. A journalist. You extract answers. You don't let him dance around or give you talking points. But what that would do is you would have twin sessions, one with each of the candidates duling banjos. That's not what we want. 
>> Bill: I don't understand why you are supporting this system number two a waste of time. Because all the candidates do by rhodes own admission and your own admission is spout talking points. That's all we do. We heard every single thing that was said last night way before. All right? Over and over. So the moderator basically is setting them up for propaganda purposes. Yeah, you can see a little body language, you can see maybe one guy getting a little annoyed from the ore guy. But so what? All the moderator has to do is make the questions, charles, sharply focused. For example, president obama, we still don't know a month and a half after four americans are dead in libya, all right, what happened. Don't you feel a responsibility to tell the american people? That's a question, charles. It wasn't even close to being asked. 
>> There is empirical complete reputation of your position and that is debate number one. Jim lehrer asked the question. He got out of way. We learned a lot in that debate. That was the single most important influential debate in the history of american debates going back 60 years. 

[00:06:30]


>> Okay. 
>> You are my question that i just asked. What would have been wrong with posing that question in a foreign policy debate last night to get it rolling? What would have been wrong with that? 
>> Because the role of the moderator is to play alex trebek. You ask the question, you get the hell out of the way. And you are a time keeper. 
>> Bill: At least ask a peb trading question. 
>> It doesn't matter what you ask. What you do as a referee in basketball jump ball, you don't throw the ball at one of the teams and see if they are going to catch it or not. You jump it. And then it's the reonsibility of the other candidate to question, to criticize, to attack, to undo and to say you never answered that question. That's not the role of the moderator. There is second reason why not. Because there is no olympian objective moderator. They will always have a thumb on the scale whether intentionally or not. Candy crowley was your kind of moderator and she tilted the second debate. 
>> Bill: Because she didn't know what she was talking out. 
>> But that's what you get when you do your system. 
>> Bill: No there doesn't. Put a confident moderator in there if you did the moderation on the debate or i did it, you wouldn't get that all right? So I'm saying that you are desperately wrong here. Let's advance it a little bit more. 
>> Okay. 
>> Bill: So romney had an opportunity last night to pose the question I just posed. Gee, you know, as an american, I'm concerned here. That I don't know a month and a half after this horrible thinat happened. And I'm getting conflicting reports from your state department, from the white house. Can you explain to me, mr. President, what happened there? Why wouldn't he ask tha 
>> romney's job is not to play journalist. His job is not to elicit information. His job is to get elected president of the united states. That's what he is up there for. That's what we're watching. Look, I advocated in my column last week he should have hit obama on the libya and hit him alway to chicago. I think that was curve ball. He decided for his own strategic reasons that all he had to do after he won the first debated, which I will remind you had a moderator who was only a cease-fire after the first sipher. Presidential candidate plausiblably met the threshold to be president. Once he did that, he had achieved the most important objective of all the debates. Why shouldn't he? He is trying to win not trying to score points. 

[00:09:05]


>> Okay. So I understand that tactic, and I said that in the talking points memo. It it might be the correct tactic. I feel that the measure public deserves more. They want a true leader. We need a true leader. We want to see people who basically want to right wrongs. The libya thing is wrong. It's wrong I just didn't see. I don't think the governor even cared about it. 
>> I don't understand you, bill. The purpose of a debate isn't to right wrongs. 
>> Bill: It's to get elected? But I want to vote for the person who is going to right the wrongs. 
>> Well, it's to put two men in an arena like teddy roosevelt would have add advocated. Put thn the arena and see how they behave and then you choose. Look, some debates like the first debate you can lose learn a lot. You will get a pummeling. In the second debate a little first acuffs and action. Last you are going to get ambien, so what. 
>> Bill: The drug ambien. 
>> That's what it was it was a national -- right there. 
>> Bill: Very lively as always. We appreciate your point of view. We have a brand new poll question. Was romney not aggressive enough in the third whether he still thinks romney will win big. Morris on deck. ] are... And you learned something along the way. This is the age of knowing what you're made of. So, why let erectile dysfunction get in your way? Tatk to your doctor about viagra. 20 million m already have. Ask if your heart is healthy enough for sex. Do not take viagra if you take nitrates for chest pain; it may cause an unsafe drop in blood pressure. Side effects include headache, flushing, upset stomach, and abnormal vision. To avoid long-term injury, seek immediate medical help for an erection lasting more than four hours. Stop taking viagra and call your doctor right away if you experience a sudden decrease or loss in vision or hearing. This is the age of taking action. Viagra. Talk to your doctor. See if america's most prescribed ed treatment is right for you. One Card gives you a 50% annual bonus. And everyone likes 50% more 

[00:13:32]


[ Russian accent ] RUBLES. EH, EHEH, EH, Eh. 
[ Brklyn accent ] 50% MORE SIMOLEONS. 
[ Western accent ] 50% MORE SAWBUCKS. ?????? ?????? 
[ Maine accent ] 50% MORE CLAMS. It's a lobster, either way. 
[ Male Annncer ] THE Capital One sh Rewards Card. With a 50% annual cash bonus, it's the card for people who like more cash. 
[ Italian accent ] 50% MORE DOUGH! What's in your wallet? 
>> Bill: Impact segment tonight, we continue our analysis of last night's debate. Joining us is dick morris. Here comes black helicopters is a best seller. Morris, the debate that charles and I had was about demeanor, okay? That mitt romney and chris wallace reporting that he made the decision, himself, to be a softer approach, not to challenge the president, not to be overly aggressive. Was that the smart way to handle it? 
>> It was frustrating for me as it was for you. I sat there watching the tv and with my body language i wanted him to throw more punches. But I think the key thing was romneyid not want to make news in this debate. He did not want to change the subject the last two weeks of the election. He has got the election now squarely focused on the economy. All the polls so show that by two to one he is more trusted on the economy. And, therefore, the news he wanted to make, the sparks he wanted to fly were about theonomy. Not about foreign policy. But he what would have been the deficit to make some news about libya the in sense that you confront the president who is obviously screwed this up oomg you make a competency issue. The reason romney is ahead on the economy is he he has been able to tell the american people that barack obama has screwed it up. Now what you are doing and not only has he screwed up the economy, excuse me, he screwed this up. So it's a competency issue. What would have been wrong with that? 

[00:15:42]


>> Because, you never know how it's going to play out. You never know how it's going to work. You never know what the ricochet is going to be. Overwhelming facts on your side. 
>> So what he had facts on his side in the second debate and it didn't work out on libya. I think that he was very right for making this focus on the economy. But the broader picture, bill, what he did in this debate was he he made sure that women did not think he was a warmonger. 
>> Bill: Now you are agreeing with me. 
>> The worry is that he was bush 43, that he was a cowboy. He proved to them he wasn't. That's one. Number two, he led obama be an obnoxious as he was going to be. Right now his favorability is higher than obamas and it just got much higher. Swas a very skillful debate on romney'sart. 
>> I'm glad you said that because it reinforces my belief that a lot of what the governor did last night was directed toward single women and tried to convince them to vote for him. 
>> Yep. 
>> However, the snap polls on cnn and cbs say that the majority of americans believe barack obama won that debate last night. 
>> That's irrelevant. Most thought that romney won -- that obama won the second debate. And romney has moved up about 4 points in the national polls since the second debate was held. Obviously romney won the debate. It's not a question of who wins the debate. It's a question of who wins the election and what image they are posting. Romney had some very specific objectives here to separate himself from bush 43 to make obama seem outrageous and nasty and bidenesque in a sense. And not to make news and to get focused on the economy. He he did them all. 
>> Okay. 
>> But, listen, you asked in the run-up to this do I think romney is still going to win. I stand exactly by what I have been saying to you for 8 months on this show. Romney is going to win by four to eight points. Is he going to get more than 300 electoral votes. And ohio is not going to decide the election. Romney is going to carry ohio, but he is also going to carry pennsylvania, he is probably going to carry michigan. He has -- he is probably going to carry wisconsin. He is going to carry I think he will get somewhere between 300 and 350 electoral votes. 

[00:18:06]


>> Bill: What happens if you are wrong. Do we get you to sit out one of those tanks where people throw balls and dunk you? Sit across the table from you at dinner and you have brag on what an idiot I was. 
>> Bill: I will make you buy dinner for the whole borough of manhattan, not just me. You are really putting yourself out on a limb when everybody else is saying it's going to be close. Including the two pollsters coming up behind you. 
>> Remember all the fights you and I have had about pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is the new ohio. Same number of electoral votes. Four points ahead in pennsylvania. The point is ohio and all those other states have been with obama ads against romney. Virgin territory like pennsylvania, wisconsin, minnesota and michigan have not been. 
>> Bill: Morris. 
>> Those states are easier to win. 
>> Bill: Morris, I have got to take a commercial here. Can you continue talking about pennsylvania as we go to the break. You are really out there, man. We will see. Directly ahead the latest polling still shows momentum for romney. Will that hold after last night? Later is it legal on whether governor romney's softer approach will it win over independent women voters? Right back with those reports. Everyone in the nicu, all the nurses wanted to watch him when he was there 118 days. Everything that you thought was important to you changes in light of having a child that needs you every moment. I wouldn't trade him for the world. Who matters most to you says the most about you. MassMutual IS OWNED By our policyholders so they matter most to us. If you're caring for a child with special needs, our innovative special care program offers strategies that can help. smoothest riding. It's got the most torque, the smoothest suspension, the best storage, class-leading comfort, and a revolutionary collection of versatile accessories. Introducing the all-new, 60 horsepower Ranger Xp 900, a whole new class of hardest working, smoothest riding. Get huge rebates on 2012's and low financing on all models during the Polaris Factory Authorized Clearance. ] debt. Not everyone can understand it. The worry. The endless collection calls. We know what it's like... To be in your shoes. We're the providers OF CareOne DEBT RELIEF SERVICES. BERNIE DANCEL, WHO CREATED CareOne, Has been in your shoes. He once had his own battle with debt, which motivated him to start what is now the nation's largest brand of debt relief services. So call right now to speak to someone who understands -- and get your free customized plan. Our certified personal finance counselors have helped over 5 million people just like you. It's not a loan. It's not bankruptcy. It's debt consolidation with a payment you can afford. And we stand by our service with a 6-month money back guarantee, so there's no risk to you. We've been there. And we can help. Call us right now for your free customized plan. Or, visit us online. One. WE KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE IN YOUR Shoes. 

[00:22:45]


>> Bill: Campaign 2012 segment. Polling begins at the end of thweek because now the debates are done. Today the daily rasmussen tracking poll has romney up 4 points over obama 50 to 46. Suffolk poll says it's a tie 47, 47, that's a big rise for the governor. Joining us from boston, director of the suffolk operation and scott rasmussen. Scott, I mean, you just heard dick morris, I mean, he has got everything riding on this one. Going to have to move to bolivia if he is wrong. I mean, is it possible that morris is right more than 300 electoral votes for mitt romney. 
>> You know, he says a 4 to 8 point national victory. Our poll today showing mitt romney up by 4 points is the biggest advantage, other than convention bounces we have seen in months. Mostly it's been a 2 point race. Barack obama or mitt romney could still win the election and nobody is going to win by anything approaching 8 points. Ohio does matter. Ohio is an incredibly close state. And our latest numbers we show president obama still leading by one point in ohio. And that is well above where he should be performing in a close national race. It is the fire wall. 
>> Bill: Okay, when you say well above what he should be performing, you have to take into account the auto deal in ohio. It's a very specific, the president's policies toward the u.S. Auto companies benefited a lot of workers in ohio. And. 
>> And governor romney has not handled that very well. 
>> Well, in your opinion, scott. I'm not ticking up u. Up for romney. That's not my job. Arrest night new listened closely president obama misstated the governor's sition on the auto situation and it wasn't fair and those of us who know what the truth is is said, you know what, we ought to knock this off. Let's go to mr. Logos in ohio because you agree with scott. You are pretty much saying it's a dead heat now. But a week ago, 10 days ago, the president had a big lead. So it looks like again momentum is shifting to romney in ohio. 

[00:24:51]


>> That's absolutely true. We have a 47, 47 split. We listed all the candidates that are certified on the ohio ballot. It's a tale of two calendars if you look at the early voters mitt romney trails barack obama by 13 among that small slice of early voters. But if you look at the people who are planning to vote or very likely to vote, it's just the opposite. Mitt romney leads by 3. The net effect, 47, 47. 
>> Okay. Now, are you standing by -- you made news last week on this program by saying that your polling outfit pulled out of florida, virginia and north carolina because you guys had decided suffolk university that those states were going to go to mitt romney. Are you standing by that tonight? 
>> We based that on what we saw in the data and the head-to-head numbers. That data hasn't changed. As a matter of fact it's gotten worse for barack obama. Obviously polls are a snapshot in tim if one of those three states were to spike up to 49, 49.5 we would revisit it. But as of now we are not. We are sticking by it and polling the other states we think that will matter more. 
>> Bill: Scott, is there any chance that barack obama will gain some momentum from last night's debate? 
>> There is always a chance. But I don't think much is going to change. I mean, what I saw last night was the performance of two candidates confirming what we're seeing in the polls. Mitt romney looked like the guy in the lead. Barack obama looked like the guy trying to shake up the race. I don't think he accomplished it. Mitt romney was seen by six out of february who watched the debate as being a capable commander and chief. People who asked in terms of would they change their vote because of this debate, really showed no preference one way or the other. Generally, what we have seen, since the first debate, nothing has changed in the national polling. It has been a narrow and consistent lead for mitt romney. He has been making up ground slowly in the swing states going from down a couple of points in our 11 state swing state track to up 5 points right now. 
>> All right. You sscribe to that mr. Logos or do you see a little difference? 

[00:26:54]


>> Absolutely. I think that if you look at the polling date that that we have done in the swing states and we ask the question who would be better on foreign policy, barack obama entered as the favorite in the prethird debate on foreign policy. The polls showed he was winning among likely voters 49, 42. That's what the margin ended up being. So the net effect is really probably no movement or marginal movement. 
>> Bill: All right. Because the economy dominates and that's what everybody is probably going to vote on anyway. 
>> It's all about the economy. 
>> Bill: We're going to check in with these guys, we have got two weeks to go. We trust those -- these two guys. We trust them there are some polls that we do not trust. I'm not going to mention them now. It's not fair, after the election we will get into it pretty heavy. Plenty more ahead as the factor moves along this evening. The election is about to get even crazier. We will show you something that happened last night which will prove. That is it legal on whether women voters will respond to mitt romney's nice guy approach. We hope you stay tuned to those reports. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] START WITH A SIMPLE IDEA. Think. Drink coffee. Design something totally original. Do it again. That's good. Call in the engineers. Call in the car guys. Call in the nerds. Build a prototype. Mold it. Shape it. Love it. Give it a starting price und 16 grand. Uh-oh. The finance guys. You can't do that. 
[ Male Announcer ] KICK OUT THE FINANCE GUYS. Take it to the track. Tweak. Tweak. Tweak. Stop. Take it to the car shows. Call the critics. Win some awards. Making a groundbreaking car -- it's that easy. ?????? ?????? ] here to volunteer to help those in need. When a twinge of back pain surprises him. Morning starts in high spirits but there's a growing pain in his lower back. As lines grow longer, his pain continues to linger. But after a long day of helping others, he gets some helpful advice. JUST TWO Aleve HAVE THE STRENGTH To keep back pain away all day. TODAY, JASON CHOSE Aleve. Just two pills for all day pain relief. TRY Aleve D FOR STRONG, ALL DAY LONG Sinus and headache relief. Craziness in the presidential eltion. Last night before the debate something very strange happened on national tv. A commentator was interviewing folks about who they will vote for. 

[00:31:45]


>> Romney. 
>> Doesn't cover up sandals in the middle east. 
>> What was the scandal that was covered up. 
>> Benghazi. 
>> What was the scandal? Nail it what was the scandal. 
>> He said it was video. 
>> It was about the video, read the newspaper. Read the newspaper. Everybody knows it's about the video. 
>> Good grief. With us now monica crowley and alan colmes. Everybody knows it's about the video. 
>> Well, I think it was partly about the video. It may not be fully about the video. We have a cia report that was out on december 15th that said it was about the video. David kirkpatrick of the "new york times" talked to people on the ground said it was about the video. That was one of the componts that it was about. 
>> Bill: Are you kidding me. 
>> No. I'm not kidding you. 
>> Bill: Did you not hear the sworn testimony in front of congress? 
>> How would you explain the cia report. 
>> Bill: I don't have to explain anything. The president's national security advisor testified in front of congress that it was a terror act and had nothing to do with the video. And one day after the cia briefing report that the president read said the same thing are you kidding me. 
>> The cia said the video played a part of it. 
>> Bill: On the 12th he was handed a document, the president, that he read that said it was an outright terror attack, and that's the consensus that everybody believes right now. 
>> Bill: Talking points prepared by the cia. 
>> Bill: You have got a guy on national tv says it's all about the video and you are supporting that? Hey, the "the washington post" reporter doesn't mean jack. 
>> Talking points prepared by the cia on september 15th same day that rice. 
>> Bill: Read my lips, a "the washington post" report doesn't mean anything. Sworn testimony in front of congress does. 
>> The cia reported september 15th that the video played a role in it. 
>> Bill: Colmes, have you really got to knock it off. 
>> I'm telling you that's what the cia has said. 
>> Bill: What did you think about that? 
>> Two things. First of all, chris matthews picking on a kid who doesn't even look like he is old enough to vote in this election. He should pick on someone his own size. Secondly, he is repeating the administration's lies from about five weeks ago. 

[00:33:46]


>> Bill: Wait a minute, the administration doesn't say it's about the video. They are not saying that anymore. 
>> They did for two weeks. In other words, is he going back repeating lies from weeks ago. 
>> Bill: This was last night. 
>> Correct. That's what I'm saying. 
>> Bill: Barack obama is not going to say it was about the video anymore. 
>> That's what I'm saying. Chris matthews is repeating the administration's lies from five or six weeks ago, bill. That's w makes this whole thing outrageous. 
>> Bill: Is not outrageous, it's bizarre. When I heard that last night my head snapped back, are you kidding me? You are the only person in the country dry that would defend that you are. You the only person -- what you saw right there, you are the only person who would defend that. 
>> Me and chris matthews the only two people in the country. 
>> That's it or some of the other crew that works on that cable station one. Sane people know it wasn't about the video. 
>> That was one of the elements according to the cia. 
>> It wasn't one of the elements. It had nothing to do with the benghazi attack. Nothing. 
>> That is an opinion that is not made by the cia report. The talking points cia memo of september 15th. 
>> Bill: Every analyst now says that including hry clinton the secretary of state. 
>> I'm telling it you what the cia said. I'm giving you their report. 
>> God almighty. All right. Were you surprised that romney was soft lastht? 
>> On the libya question? 
>> Bill: Yes. 
>> He was soft across the board. 
>> Well, it was a tal judgment. It was a tactical move to win the bigger strategic battle. 
>> Bill: Were you okay with that. 
>> At first I was very frustrated. I wanted him to nail obama to the wall on lies and deceit benghazi terror attack that got four americans dead. At the beginning when i watched it unfold I was a little shocked by that. Then I realized there was a method to the madness here. First of all I agree with you on the women voters. I don't think that's the entire picture. I think what he he is trying to do is allow the lies and the coverup to speak for itself. 
>> Bill: Speak for itself. 
>> When you go look at ronald reagan's performance in his debate against jimmy carter when the american hostage were being held in iran. Reagan soft pedaled that he said I don't want to put these americans lives at risk. I'm not going to criticize the president, let this stand. 

[00:35:53]


>> Bill: Their lives are already lost here. There is nothing in play here. 
>> I understand but what he was doing was allowing the scandal to speak for itself. 
>> Bill: You also thought it was a good strategy? 
>> By denying obama manned at left the political weapon of trying to accuse romney of politicizing the buyer thing. 
>> Did you think it was a good strategy. 
>> No. I think you are right what the strategy was. He flipped flopped again on his positions. He agreed with president obama on almost all of the foreign policy issues. 
>> Bill: Not all of them. 
>> Different from the hawkish romney. 
>> Bill: You thought it would have been better for romney to be more confrontational. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Thank you very much. We appreciate it when we come right back, is it legal on women voters. They will decide the american election because more of them vote. What do they want? And then carl rove on what's likely to happen in the last two weeks of the campaign. Carl has got his map me, you know it can be hard to breathe, and how that feels. Copd includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Spiriva helps control my copd symptoms by keeping my airways open for 24 hours. Plus, it reduces copd flare-ups. Spiriva is the only once-daily inhaled copd maintenance treatment that does both. Spiriva handihaler tiotropium bromide inhalation powder does not replace fast-acting inhalers for sudden symptoms. Tell your doctor if you have kidney problems, glaucoma, trouble urinating, or an enlarged prostate. These may worsen with spiriva. Discuss all medicines you take, even eye drops. Stop taking spiriva and seek immediate medical help if your breathing suddenly worsens, your throat or tongue swells, you get hives, vision changes or eye pain, or problems passing urine. Other side effects include dry mouth and constipation. Nothing can reverse copd spiriva helps me breathe better. 
(Blowing sou) ask your doctor about spiriva. fail, through. Introducing the new Droid Razr Maxx HD by Motorola. Now more than ever DROID DOES. ] less more? Then don't get nickle and dimed by high cost investments and annoying account fees. At e-trade, our free easy-to-use online tools and experienced retirement specialists can help you build a personalized plan. And with our no annual fee iras and a wide range of low cost investments, you can execute the plan you want at a low cost. So meet with us, or go to etrade.Com for a great retirement plan with low cost investments. ?????? ?????? ] pro. Monarch of marketing analysis. With the ability to improve roi through seo all by cob. And you...Rent from national. Because only national lets you choose any car in the aisle... And go. You can even take a full-size or above, and still pay the mid-size price. I'm going b-i-g. 

[00:40:06]


[ Male Announcer ] GOOD CHOICE BUSINESS PRO. Good choice. Go national. Go like a pro. Fill bill thanks for staying with us, I'm bill o'reilly. Is it legal segment tonight. Outrageous situation the u.N. Monitoring the upcoming vote in america. First, women voters. As I said in the talking points memo I believe mitt romney's decision to go softer on barack obama was aimed at getting women to support him. The author of the new thriller darkness rising. Am I right here. 
>> I hate to say it because you are right. I hate to generalize about all women. Many women don't like confrontation especially in their personal 'lives. The question for the debate can you bring that in or look obnoxious. I don't want to see my president or presidential candidate trying to beat up on each other. They did that the second debate all that finger pointing. 
>> Bill: When they were finger pointing. 
>> I don't like that. 
>> And circling each other like two sharks you at home were thinking what. 
>> Makes me uncomfortable. It's not presidential. I don't want to see that i don't know if it's a woman, man thing. 
>> Bill: It was two men doing it I don't know if that's because I'm a woman I don't like it or because I don't like confrontation. You say? 
>> I say that it doesn't come off as professional or presidential when you see two men sort of circling each other like a chicken fight in the backyard it's becoming to the office or showing dignity of the debate. People are there to listen, to pay attention, to learn about the candidates and say who do I trust with my life and the lives of my children and family. 
>> Bill: So you are both saying a couple of things. Number one, I could never be elected president of the united states. I know women would never vote for me. I would carry the marine barracks in san diego and ocean side and that's about it it okay. Isn't there a point where women want to know the truth of the situation. 

[00:42:14]


>> Right. 
>> And so I would assume that most american women are upset that four americans were killed, murdered in benghazi, right? 
>> That was the frustrating part yesterday. Sorry to cut you off now about that. Women want people not to be obnoxious. We also want them to show strength. There is a way to do that just have three or four questions. Boom, boom, boom. Sit back. 
>> Bill: Could have softly asked those questions.The only thing that I would have liked to have seen is a little bit more. Show more red meat about libya. I would have liked to have seen him. 
>> Bill: But that's confrontational, gizelle. 
>> That -- guilfoyle. 
>> Bill: I don't know where the line is so we had governor romney also pulling it back big time last night. All right? And he did it, I'm almost now entirely convinced to go for the single women who he is running behind on and he needs to win. 
>> He is closing the gap. Because you think how president obama was at the first debate. 
>> Did he accomplish that last night. 
>> I don't think so. 
>> Yes. 
>> I don't think he moved the bar at all because he didn't. 
>> Bill: His softer approach to you didn't work? 
>> I liked the softer approach but you can ask them questions in a softer way. 
>> He came off as a commander and chief to me. If I'm looking at those two member, behavior content of their tone one seemed to be presidential that I would trust my life with. 
>> Bill: All right, the u.N., the united nations at the behest of left wing american groups is now going to it fan out across the country and monitor the u.S. Elections and you say guilfoyle. 
>> I say this is metaling of i they take themselves very seriously. 
>> Bill: Look for voter fraud or suppression. 
>> Members of terrorist countries that are amongst th so that is what they are looking for. Only looking for it with conservative groups that are going to voter intimidation. 

[00:44:15]


>> What does it mean conservative groups? They are going to polling plays, correct? 
>> They are going to polling places but that's who they're most concerned about. 
>> How do they know if they're conservative? How do they know? 
>> They want to see if somebody outside looks very conservative and scary. Black panther. 
>> That is like no problem. 
>> What if the black panther beats them up. Would that matter? 
>> Is he going to get a pass. 
>> Is that going to happen? 
>> Almost happened last night. 
>> This is a farce, right? Total farce. 
>> Total farce. 
>> They have no authority. He they are going to write a nice little report after this is all done. 
>> I wasn't too confrontational tonight with you ladies? 
>> You were actually sort of soft. 
>> I can be fuzzy. 
>> Warm? 
>> Bill: Carl rove warming up. Talking about fuzzy. What will happen next in the presidential race? Rove is next. Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! Oh...there you go. Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! I'm gonna stand up to her! No you're not. I know. You know Ronny folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. How happy are they Jimmy? Happier than a witch in a broom factory. Get happy. Get GEICO. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more. 

[00:48:35]


>> Bill: Back ever the book segment tonight. We will book end our third debate analysis with a guy closely following every aspect of the race. Here he is carl re. Okay, I want to advance the story you are rooting for romney to win. You are a republic partisan. What I saw last night is that romney could have put president obama away and did not. Almost like a prize fighter, just didn't take him out because he avoided the libyan situation. Do you agree with that? 
>> I don't. Look, it's always easy to say it's easy to put him out, all it takes is one punch. But these debates are a lot more complicated than that. He has won the issue of libya. If you take a look at the president's ratings on the handling of foreign policy just before september 11th there was a national poll asking it and compare it to today, his ration have dropped dramatically and that's because events have driven his numbers down. Romney didn't need to do much about it except what he did last night is to say you have mishandled. 
>> Bill: Why it have been unpresidential since you worked for a president to show concern that we don't know after all of this time. 
>> Twice he said last night in his long explanation of what -- you know, here is how bad the region is and here are all the bad things he touched on. 
>> In libya four dead americans. 
>> He touched on it last night. And, look, the fact of the matter is he he has won that debate. Is he going to continue to win that argument which is the american people are looking saying president obama doesn't seem to be on top of this at all. What the heck was he doing out there campaigning? 
>> Bill: I think romney could have gotten that point across in a much more dramatic way than he did all right. He played it safe and now you say going forward I think that debate last night was a watch. It's not going to matter in the polls. 
>> Sure, that's right. 
>> You agree with me. 
>> Historically the third debate unless you make a critical mistake does not change the ark of the narrative. The first debate establishes the arc of the narrative. By the third debate. 
>> Bill: You are agreeing with me. 
>> Y 
>> Bill: Do you feel bad agreeing with me. 

[00:50:35]


>> I agree with you when you are ririt and disagree when yoare wrong. 
>> Bill: That's most of the time. 
>> You are overly sensitive about it. 
>> Bill: Let's get the rove map up there because this is what going forward in the next two weeks is really going to matter. Now, you have basically romney at 169, obama at 184. This is electoral votes. 270 needed to win lean obama 53. Lean romney 57. 95 toss-up. Looking at this map, you think that president obama still has the advantage to win the election. I see it as romney now has the advantage. 
>> I'm with you. See, look, take a look at that map. Virginia is -- we're doing a two week rolling average for our monday bret baier special on the electoral college. When you look at virginia, last week there were five polls, thursday, friday, saturday. Romney won four of them. By next monday those 13 electoral votes in virginia i think are going to be pointed toward romney. We have tennessee which is light pink. That's. 
>> North carolina. It's really going to come down to ohio and one other state. Today in colorado, romney leads. Today in new hampshire romney leads. The race is dead even, my suspicion, by monday in ohio. And we have got a barn burner. 
>> Bill: You are not even talking about florida, which i believe the governor is going to win. 
>> Florida, the reason why i haven't been talking about it I think it's sweeping in the republic column same thing as virginia. Five polls thursday through saturday of last week. 
>> Bill: Virginia, and the momentum in virginia and florida. This is fair and balanced is going -- the governor's way right now. We don't kw about the third debate. The instinct is not doing very much. However, if president obama wins ohio then. It becomes problematic for the governor. Right? He has to do an extraordinary amount of winning the -- 
>> you have to win colorado and wisconsin. Or colorado, nevada, and new hampshire. Why is nevada with the highest unemployment rate in the country still so stead fast for obama. Big unions in las vegas. Culinary union. 

[00:52:50]


>> Bill: In clark county. 
>> Clark county. Very good. Second thing is substantial hispanic population. 
>> That's what threw new mexico into the democratic precincts as well. The hispanic influx in there. What do you see as far as the hispanic american vote, how much is the president going to take of that? I think the president is going to get sightly bigger than he he got four years ago. Interesting thing is it is going to flat line as percentage of the. 
>> Fewer voters. Flat line. Is he counting on it being bigger as it has been for 30 some odd years. Hispanic vote increasing since the 1980s. 
>> Bill: Real quick last question I say that mitt romney chose not to be aggressive in the foreign policy debate because he wanted to woo women to vote women for him. 
>> Women and independents. He want'ed it to be presidential. He understood in the second debate president obama wanted it to be confrontational to draw him off of the podium and down into the mud. It sort of happened. He recognized it was better for him to appear to be the adult and let the president be the one overly objective. 
>> Bill: You think it's right investigated. 
>> I think it was. Olympic judge give points for being aggressive guy. The other way we look at it is on the basis of who won on substance and every indication that last night mitt romney narrowed the gap which is difficult to narrow on the issue of being commander and chief and came out looking like he was up there on stage with the president. 
>> Bill: Karl rove, everyone. Factor tip of the day on texting. It's a warning for you. The tip 60 seconds away. yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet? 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S THE QUESTION We ask ourselves every day. Is it the safest, the most efficient? The kind of vehicle to move not just people... But an industry forward? Are we there yet? Are we really? 
[ Male Announcer ] ARE WE THERE YET? We are, for now. Introducing the all-new seven passenger gl. Motor trend's 2013 sport utility of the year. Mercedes-benz. The best or nothing. 

[00:55:30]


>> Bill: A warning about texting. But first, we have tremendous deals for you. If you become a premium member you get any one of my books free of charge. "Killing kenedy" and "killing lincoln" number five after 55 weeks. That has never happened before in america. Simply amazing. I thank you all that are supporting the books. Now to the mail. From buenos aires. 
>> Bill: I watched it here in new york city. I took notes, that isy job. Sometimes it's very painful. 
>> Bill: Thank you. Do an interview with 60 minutes australia today. It will be no o november 3rd in the land of oz down under. 

[00:57:38]


>> Bill: That is high praise, and I appreciate it. I advise you guys not to e-mail any emotional stuff, angry stuff anything like that until you wait ten minutes. Remember e-mails and texts are forever and you don't want to react impulsively. Apply the ten minute rule. Tip tonight is this -- don't ever e-mail or text anything that might hurt you. No settling go no gossip, no threats that could embarrass you in the public eye because that is where those kinds of things usually wind up. It sounds like common sense, right. Millions of us are not being smart with the machines. The temptation is very strong. Resist it. Factor tip of the day. Careful with the machines, they can hurt you very much. That is it for us tonight. Check out the fox factor website which is different than bill o'reilly.Com. And the debate last night with a big soundbite from the this morning interview charlie rose did with me. I think it is important. Spout out from anywhere in the world. Any time if you wish to opine and we are enjoying your elements about how the press in a lot more country is covering the presidential election here. Keep them coming in. We wanted to know how the press in your country sees the american election. Word of the day when you are writing for the factor, don't be a miscreant writing to us. I should time that with the graphic. But he is a good guy. Shirts and one of the best. The spin stopse. We're definitellooking out for you. 

[00:59:55]


>> Sean: Last night at the third 

﻿Title: The Rachel Maddow Show
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

That -- 
>> you were okay on sunday from what I saw. 
>> We took it into extra time to give everybody extra time with their ulcer doctors, but the quarterback is a little unnerving. 
>> Last night was fun. Thank you for staying with us for the next hour. I do have something to say about last night's debate and I hope you'll indulge me for a moment. Last night was the last moment where the whole country will be watching the exact same thing for the exact same amount of time before we get down to election day. Last night was our last collective moment as a nation, watching the same candidates at the same time in a way that was unmediated that brings us together as a country. This past july, mitt romney made the first visit of any candidate to the great totally nonswing state of montana. Montana has a close senate state, but for president, montana is not hotly contested. So the candidates would usually stay out of a state like that except when they had to be there to raise money. That's when mitt romney was doing in july. At that fundraiser, mitt romney recounted an anecdote from his business career and related that to the presidency of ronald reagan. He told the donors at the event he had three rules when he ran bain capital. The first rule was focus. The second rule was focus. And the third rule was focus. Then mr. Romney pulled out this presidential historical anecdote to illustrate what he said he meant by that kind of focus. Here's how mr. Romney's remarks were quoted in the press report that day. The idea was put all your energy and passion at the job all the hand. I heard from secretary jim baker just a couple weeks ago. E he said in the first hundred days of the reagan presidency, we had a national security meeting one day where we talked about developments in latin america that were of concern. And after that meeting president reagan called me in and said, i want no more national security meetings over the next 100 days -- all of our time has to be focused on getting our economgoing. Mitt romney told this to a bunch of donors in montana in july. This is the thing he was praising ab the ronald reagan presidency. It turned out this never happened. He never stopped his briefings because he said he needed to focus on the economy instead. After mr. Romney told that story and it was reported in "the wall street journal". The editor said he went through the notes on reagan's presidency to check the story by mr. Romney. He said he could find no evidence this happened. Jim baker himself later told josh rogan that mr. Romney perhaps misunderstood the story when he told it to him. This idea that ronald reagan just stopped working on national security so he could focus on something more important, mitt romney says that happened. But it did not happen. More importantly than h getting the story wrong though is that romney told the donors that story that day because he thought that was a good idea for what a president should do. He was using that story as a way of praising ronald reagan. I want no more national security meetings over the next 100 days. Wasn't that great he did that? This is sort of amazing. The idea that a president could opt out of working on foreign policy. Say, that's not my area of focus. I need to focus on something else. When mitt romney suggested in july to those donors that that would be his approach as president, even mr. Romney's supporters on the right got mad at him for saying that. A former george bush speech writer saying, the fact he thought it would be desirable to ignore the world for 100 days is troubling. The fact that romney is recounting this anecdote does not reflect his understanding of the job he's campaigning for. There's no foreign policy subject on which I agree with either of those guys. They are absolutely the opposite end of the number line for me in terms of what I think america should do in the world. But even though I would agree with these guys on nothing else, on this, yeah, duh, I think we can agree that foreign policy is part of the job of president. That trying to get out of that isn't a good plan. National security is not something a president can say he doesn't want to work on. We have an answer for that. 

[00:04:54]


>> We can't be all s to all people in the world, jim. And I think that's where maybe the vice president and I begin to have some differences. I'm worried about overcommitting our military around the world. I want to be judicious in its use. 
>> We have to be careful when we commit our troops. We have a disagreement about the use of troops. He believes in nation building. I would be careful about using our troops as nation builders. 
>> Even beyond the use of troops around the world, george bush said when campaigning in 200, I'm not so sure the role of the united states is to go around the world and say this is the way it's got to be. We can help, maybe it's the way we want to help people. I just don't think it's the role of the united states to walk into a country and say we do it this way and so should you. That was george bush running in 2000. It turns out you don't get to decide what sort of presidency you have. George bush was essentially saying he wanted to have a domestic policy presidency. Remember compassionate conservatism? He wanted less of a role in the world. You don't get to decide what circumstances confront you and you don't get to opt out of swavs of your responsibility. And some presidencies, for better, for worse, sometimes for a year at a time, sometimes for whole presidential terms, sometimes those presidencies end up being about america in the world. And the commander-in-chief part of the job. Sometimes presidencies end up being about war. George bush I don't believe set out to have that kind of presidency, but that's the kind of presidency he got. Into the vacuum of his lack of any substantiative idea on foreign policy at all stepped a well-organized group of unelected, opportunistic radicals who over the course of the next eight years brought upon this country the most disastrous foreign policy in american history and we're not over it. Now while we're in the 12th year of one of the wars started in that era, the republican party is offering another choice for president who is promising a nonforeign policy presidency. Mitt romney did not mention the issue of foreign policy in his closing statement at the foreign policy debate last night. This is not his field. And he's not pretending that it is. He doesn't want it to be his field. Nobody has perfect foresight about what their presidency is going to be like. What they are going to have the option of working on or not working on. But the pressing nature of this issue now is not that it's hypothetical. It's about seeing what's going on right now. We are still actively cope pg with one of the foreign policy disasters left over from the last time a guy said he didn't want to work on this as an issue. If you take the issue of afghanistan, which you'll have to take on if you want to be president, this was the republican nominee's position on afghanistan right up until last night. 

[00:07:57]


>> In afghanistan the surge was right. But announcing a withdrawal date, that was wrong. The taliban may not have watches, but they do have calendars. 
>> The biggest mistake he's made in afghanistan for one, announcing a specific date that we would withdrew. 
>> This president announced the date of a withdrawal. He announced a withdrawal of our surge forces. That was wrong. 
>> That was wrong. As recently as two weeks ago, romney's position is that announcing a date for withdrawaling from afghanistan was the biggest mistake president obama made. It was wrong. Then last night -- 
>> we're going to be finished by 2014 and when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. 
>> It's the biggest mistake president obama had ever made. Mitt romney, forget it. I'll espouse it too. I don't feel like talking about it. Afghanistan is not the only issue. Even just on international affairs. To be the guy who didn't mention the war at all in your convention speech, to being the guy who still made no mentions of veterans last night, even as the president went back and talked about veterans, still nothing from mitt romney. Then a turn on your policy two weeks before the election, an election that will decide if you become the commander of the troops that you're ignoring. Two weeks before the election as if that's something that requires no explanation, and you're just assuming people don't care about it enough to notice? I use this term with hesitance, that but is a lack of seriousness about something that affects 68,000 american families directly. 68,000 american families who have real skin in the game right now because a family member of theirs is in afghanistan, which is our war. 68,000 americans whose lives will be in mitt romney's hands if he's elected. He can't be bothered to come up with a position on it. This is not a question of whether you agree with mitt romney or if you disagree with mitt romney on whatever his policy of the moment is. The amazing thing here, and the reason the debate was important, is that the republican party just four years after george bush, republican party has nominated somebody to be president whesn't seem to take this part of being president seriously. He doesn't care about this as a matter of policy. He doesn't think you do either. He doesn't think it's relevant. A group of mitt romney foreign policy advisers told "the new york times" that even they are not sure that mitt romney's even reads his campaign's own briefing materials on the subject of foreign policy. We saw mitt romney insist that syria is iran's route tohe sea. For the record, iran and syria are real countries that exist on a specific place on the map. Look on the right. That's iran. On the left, that's syria. Notice they do not touch. Notice also there's a sea over by syria, but iran has access of its own. Syis iran's path to the sea. What are you talking about? It's not that he just got it wrong. He said this four or five times. There hasn't been a corrective? The republican campaign for the presidency this year apparently thinks this is so unimportant they have never even bother eed to try to get it right. They have never checked. The nominee doesn't care about being called out to make sure he's not called out on it again. Bother to look at a map. You carry an ipad. There's maps. There's an ocean below iran. It's blue. It's the persian gulf. It's the not caring about getting it right that is the big new thing here. The I'm not going to try to win this debate. I'm not going to bother having a policy. I'm not going to mention the war. It's not on my list of things that I find important. Nobody is judging me on this. This is just not the kind of presidency that you choose to have. Ronald reagan chose to not work on national security. You don't get that chose. That didn't really happen about ronald reagan. You made that up. This is one job you don't get the choice. There's nothing in the portfolio of responsibilities that can be delegated to somebody else. When people try, we get historic disasters in this country. And the fact that you've brought on all of the same whirlwind of advisers who reaped this disaster when a disinterested president named george bush had the same attitude, that's a good thing that the last word before voting that we got collectively as a nation was the chance to hear you forced to talk about foreign policy. Mitt romney said his big idea on iran last night was he wanted to indict the iranian president for genocide. Who is going to arrest him exactly? Mitt romney's running mate is trying to get away with saying he didn't vote for the defense cuts that are called the sequester. Idn't vote for those. Then who forged his name? Whether or not you agree with that vote or not. Whether your politics are like mine or bill crystals or somewhere in between, the problem is that the republican party has run a ticket for president that seems to think this does not matter. They don't even care enough to try on this subject. Just stand with him. They do not think there's any political cost to barely phoning this in. The commander-in-chief test that everybody talks about is a stupid beltway term, but the commander-in-chief thing is a real thing. It's not just a poetic sin. You don't get to opt out. If you're going to try, you cannot just hope that we don't notice. Even two weeks out. Dan rather joins us next. running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, WE'RE TEAMING UP WITH COMPANIES LIKE Cisco To help make sure everyone's ready with the know how we need for a new tomorrow. 

[00:14:30]


[ Male Annou ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FINALLY, MOM'S OVEN-BAKED Tastes straight from the microwave. Like oven-roasted chicken in a creamy alfredo sauce. Marie callender's new comfort bakes. It's time to savor. bears. He used to wash them in hot water. He didn't get the irony. I'm not the tree-hugging type. But I am the saving money on energy type. So we switched to the cold cycle and with Tide Coldwater his teddy bears are clean. Polar Bears. That's our Tide for conserving energy. 
>>> Dan rathers joins us here next. Meet the 5-passenger Ford C-MAX Hybrid. When you're carrying a lot of weight, C-MAX has a nice little trait, You see, C-MAX helps you load your freight, with its foot-activated lift gate. But that's not all you'll see, Cause C-MAX also beats Prius v, with better MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. 

[00:17:39]


>>> I just want to point out in the same way that governor romney didn't mention the afghan war I his convention speech, he didn't even mention our veterans last night. The men and women and their families who have served this country so bravely, they deserve better from somebody who is applyi commander-in-chief. 
>> I have the greatest respect for the men and women who serve our country. And I will not continue to reduce the number of ships we have and the number of planes we have and the number of soldiers we have. I'll make sure we protect our military and keep them second to none in the world. 
>> President obama in florida. Both campaigning in swing states with 14 days to go before the election. Where they are going now and at what speed is an amazing story about what's going on in the campaign. That's coming up. 
>>> But first joining us now is dan rather. Sir, thank you for being here. 
>> Always a pleasure. 
>> I feel like we have made this a regular post debate thing which is satisfying to me. Do you think it's significant that romney made the change in position on the war? 
>> It's certainly significant. Whether it registers for those voters that are undecided or not, I'm not quite sure. It certainly should register. It stood out in the debate. Once again, he's changed position. Not a small change at all. He said I'm not committing to a timeline in the second debate. Last night, complete change over to the other side. This comes to a point about kovj of the campaign. We tend to cover the horse race each time. All of us in the press, myself included, and emphasize the latest poll. Each time we say the next time around we're not going to spend as much time on the horse race aspects, there are important policy differences between the two candidates and you see a lot of post debate about what the overnight polls show and very little about where the differences in policy are. This is what one candidate stands for and this is what the other one stands for. It's important that viewers and voters understand that those of us in the press, again myself included, are not doing their job. Then there's the question of who is kwibting what money to whom and expecting to get what. Each time around we think we're going to concentrate on that and we haven't nearly enough. 

[00:20:19]


>> One of the consequences of the focus on the horse race as opposed to the focus on policy is I think you see very obviously the extent to which politicians think they can change their policies on even very important issues. They think they have a lot of wiggle room because they think people aren't paying attention. And so there's no real cost to them at changing. For me, I will tell you my feeling about these guys is that if it is something that matters to them, one way you're going to know is they are not going to change on it. That shows a seriousness. 
>> Very good point. It's also a point that the romney camp has made the gamble. That look, we can change where we stand. We can make significant changes and people are either going to notice or it's not going to matter to them. Otherwise they wouldn't have changed on afghanistan. The night after the election, the morning after the election whether they placed that bet correctly or not. That governor romney's campaign is convinced that they have momentum. They have had it since the first debate. And they are counting on a late close as ronald reagan did against president carter in 1980, a late shift. However, historically, often late closers wind up losing. Humphrey closed late against nixon in 1968. Came back a loser. John kerrigan to narrow the gap on president bush but didn't bring it home. But the idea they are going to get a late momentum over the last weekend before the tuesday vote, they are hoping and praying for that. Who knows, but the historical record doesn't support it. 
>> On the issue of reagan, i have been chewing for a long time on this anecdote that mitt romney told donors in montana in july that ronald reagan has called off his national security briefings for 100 days just to focus on the economy. Not damning him, but praising him for it. I want to know your read on that either in making it up or in what it would say about reagan if it were true? 

[00:22:39]


>> It would say about reagan is he didn't take the commander-in-chief role seriously, which he did. Number one, what candidate was the case saying I don't want any meetings. I want to focus on the economy is not true. I put it in bold caps, it's not true. The fact that governor romney would use it as an indication of this is surely how I plan to do it. Economy is my issue and that's what I'm going to focus on. But again, does it matter? Will it matter with the election? I would like tove it will matter. I hope that it did. I think that it will. But we can't be assured that it will. 
>> I look at the city of st. Louis holding a parade on its own to welcome home proops from iraq and I think it didn't going to matter. 
>> You follow these things very carefully. At the republican convention candidate romney failed to mention veterans in the address. And then again in last night's debate he fails to mention the veterans. I don't understand how that happens. It's not smart politics for that to happen. 
>> I don't know how you get this far on presidential politics if you're the kind of guy that will let it happen. Dan rather, thank you for being here and lending some very well appreciated perspective on this subject. I appreciate it. We'll be right back. me, you know it can be hard to breathe, and how that feels. Copd includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Spiriva helps control my copd symptoms by keeping my airways open for 24 hours. Plus, it reduces copd flare-ups. Spiriva is the only once-daily inhaled copd maintenance treatment that does both. Spiriva handihaler tiotropium bromide inhalation powder does not replace fast-acting inhalers for sudden symptoms. Tell your doctor if you have kidney problems, glaucoma, trouble urinating, or an enlarged prostate. These may worsen with spiriva. Discuss all medicines you take, even eye drops. Stop taking spiriva and seek immediate medical help if your breathing suddenly worsens, your throat or tongue swells, you get hives, vision changes or eye pain, or problems passing urine. Other side effects include dry mouth and constipation. Nothing can reverse copd. Spiriva helps me breathe better. 

[00:25:34]


(Blowing sound) ask your doctor about spiriva. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] START WITH AN ALL NEW Award winning car. Good. Now find the most hard core driver in america. That guy, put him in it. What's this? 
[ Male Announcer ] TELL HIM HE'S ABOUT TO Find out. You're about to find out. 
[ Male Announcer ] TEST IT. Highlight the european chassis, 6 speed manual, dual exhaust, wide stance, clean lines, have him floor it, spin it, punch it, drift it, put it through its paces, is he happy? Oh ya, he's happy! 
[ Male Announcer ] AND THAT'S HOW YOU TEST Your car for fun. Easy. 

[00:27:45]


>>> Two weeks out and there are stories about things getting better and there are stories about things getting worse. You get to pick the half fullness or half emptiness of your glass as you read the papers. Let's start with the good news. Do you remember the scary voter fraud billboards? That maybe it seemed like trying to vote would get you years in jail. Dozens of billboards went up in predominantly black or hispanic neighbors in cities like cleveland and cincinnati and milwaukee. We noted that nobody was admitting to paying for them except an unnamed private family foundation. The company that owns the billboards initially said, yeah, they would take them down but it would take a few weeks, which was convenient timing given the election. I know. Promise th is good news, i swear. Starting yesterday, those billboards did start to come down. 140 of them. Clear channel changed its mind and now says the billboards violated policy against anonymous political acts. Now in the place of those old billboards, look what's going up in cleveland. 15 of these. Voting is a right, not a crime. These are going up instead and signed by the cleveland city council. In milwaukee, they are putting up billboards encouraging people to vote early. That's one nice piece of good news about the billboards in ohio and wisconsin. Here's another piece of good news. In mississippi the new law requiring voters to show i.D., they never had to show before, that law got blocked by an action by the justice department. The law will not be in effect for the election. You don't need to show an i.D. In order to vote this year in mississippi. Still though, the republican state official in charge of mississippi elections spent all summer long telling people in that state that you do have to have an i.D. So if you don't have a driver's license in mississippi, you can still vote but your state government has been busy spending your taxpayer dollars trying to convince you to not bother to vote. Voter i.D. As I said, though, good news. 'S been changed. Look. The jackson free press started raising a stink about this. Now finally the state election website says the truth. Mississippi's voter i.D. Law will not be in effect for the november elect it is a teeny tiny statement, but at least it's finally true. And a bunch of regular folks in mississippi are doing what they can to try to get the word out a little louder. Including thisrue message written on the back window of her own car by the beloved mississippi aunty of one of this show's producers. No voter i.D. Requd to vote in mississippi. For the prospect our election should be free and fair and not purposely confusing, all g news. Right? Right. Then there's the other side. Then there's colorado. Hold on. That's coming pup.T makes tv even better. If your tv were a prom queen, zeebox would be a stretch limo. With this enchanting union, comes a sunroof she can scream from... I'm goin' to prom! 

[00:31:05]


[ Male Announcer ] ...AND A DRIVER NAMED Bruce that she can re-name james... Faster, james! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...JUST 'CAUSE. Download zeebox free, and have the night of your life with your tv. bears. He used to wash them in hot water. He didn't get the irony. I'm not the tree-hugging type. But I am the saving money on energy type. So we switched to the cold cycle and with Tide Coldwater his teddy bears are clean. Polar Bears. That's our Tide for conserving energy. ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] EVERY CAR WE BUILD Must make adrenaline pump and pulses quicken. ?????? ?????? to help you not just to stay alive but feel alive. The new c-class is no exception. It's a mercedes-benz, through and through. See your authorized mercedes-benz dealer for exceptional offers through mercedes-benz financial services. o5u??w?? ] america's recipes? Just begin with america's favorite soups. Bring out chicken broccoli alfredo. Or best-ever meatloaf. Go to campbellskitchen.Com for recipes, plus a valuable coupon. Campbell's. It's amazing what soup can do. 

[00:33:51]


>>> Now that debate season is over and we have entered the final stretch of the campaign, you can expect to see schedules that defy human capability. President obama is embarking on a two-day around the clock campaign blitz acros battleground states. He will campaign in six states in just two days. While he's in between state, he will be calling voters from air force one. It's that time in the campaign. Today president obama was in florida and in ohio. He was mining last night's debate for stump speech possibilities. 
>> If you say that you love american cars during a debate but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt", you might have romnesia. If you talk about how much you love teachers during a debate but said just a few weeks ago that we shouldn't hire anymore because they won't grow the economy, what do you have? I bet you got some romnesia. 
>> The the obama campaign reached into virginia as well today where bruce springsteen campaigned for the president by way of a e free concert. A free get out the vote concert. Romney's stops included nevada and colorado. He will touch down in four states by the end of the day thursday. Today he also talked to supporters in henderson, nevada, about how much he thinks the debates helped him. 
>> My guess is you had the the chance to watch that debate last night, maybe a couple of the debates. And these debates have super charged our campaign. There's no question about it. We're seeing more and more enthusiasm, more and more support, we're going to make sure that these campaigns and the message of these debates keep going across the country. 

[00:36:04]


>> One piece of beltway wisdom that's true for a change is that you can tell where the campaign's think the campaign is being fought by ing at where they put the candidates. When they have very limited time and need to make triage decisions about where to go and not to go. By that measure, this is the battleground map as seen by the obama campaign. These are the six states the president will be visiting in the next two days. And this is the battleground map from the romney campaign. This is where mitt romney will be campaigning. So that's one blunt way to tell where the race is coming down to from the different campaigns perspective. You ask the polling firms, nbc made a decision to pair down its map of the battleground states from nine states to seven states. Nbc dropped north carolina off the map of battlegrounds. And they dropped nevada off the battleground list into the democrat column. With the race this close, this late, is there anything else that might move the dial? Last night's debate was the last big event in the campaign before election day. A snap poll of voters showed obama winning by an eight-point margin. A cbs poll of undecided voters showed the president winning by a 30-point margin. One blog shows the big picture effect of the debates on this point in the campaign. This is their graph over time showing each candidate's chance of winning. You can see after the first debate at the beginning of october, president obama's chances of winning went down at that point. Romney's chances went up. You can see the esident's chances improving again and romney's declining after the second debate in the middle of octobe will obama's win last night help him further in the polls? His campaign marathon help get the bump? Nate silver today did underscore how important even a small post debate bump could be in deciding the election. Nate says, if mr. Obama's head to head polling were two points higher, he could be a considerably clearer winner. A one-point bounce would bring him to 80%. So it's time to wait and watch the polls. But there is another measure we can look at right now. Something that's not prediskt. It's not about the future. It's something that is concrete about what is already done. What is already locked in. And we have got that empirical measure of what's going on in this race here next, exclusively.Don't just listen to me. Listen to these happy progressive customers. I plugged in snapshot, and 30 days later, I was saving big on car insurance. With snapshot, I knew what I could save before I switched to progressive. The better I drive, the more I save. I wish our company had something this cool. You're not filming this, are you? Aw! Camera shy. Snapshot from progressive. Test-drive snapshot before you switch. Visit progressive.Com today. ?????? I wish my patients could see what I see. ?????? ?????? that over time, having high cholesterol and any of these risk factors can put them at increased risk for plaque buildup in their arteries. So it's even more important to lower their cholesterol, and that's why, when diet and exercise alone aren't enough, I prescribe crestor. In a clinical trial versus lipitor, crestor got more high-risk patients' bad cholesterol to a goal of under 100. 

[00:39:52]


[ Female Announcer CRESTOR IS NOT RIGHT FOR Everyone. Like people with liver disease or women who are nursing, pregnant or may become pregnant. Tell your doctor about other medicines you're taking. Call your doctor right away if you have muscle pain or weakness, feel unusually tired, have loss of appetite, upper belly pain, dark urine or yellowing of skin or eyes. These could be signs of rare but serious side effects. ?????? ?????? is your cholesterol at goal? Talk to your doctor about crestor. 
[ Female Announcer ] IF YOU CAN'T AFFORD Your medication, AstraZeneca MAY BE ABLE TO HELP. to first. don't. Yes, you do! Don't! Do! Whoa, kitchen counselor here. See cascade complete pacs work like micro-scrubbing brushes to help power away tough foods even in corners and edges. Hmm! Cascade. Love it or your money back. 
>>> In reporting on efforts to make it hard tore vote and harder to register to vote over the course of this past year or two, we found we're seeing a lot of confusing data about who actually has been abled to register. Especially in the swing states this year. A producer on this show decided that she was going to crunch the numbers herself. She went state by state through the swing states calling the states directly and getting the data from the state election offices. This is what she found. In colorado, a large latino population, this is how many new voters signed up as democrats in 2008 looking at the period from january to october. This is how many new voters signed up as republicans in the the same time period in 2008. A big advantage for the democrats. Just colossal. That was 2008 in colorado. Now look at what has happened in the same time span this year in 2012. Democrats have improved their number some over even what they had in 2008. Look at the republicans. The republicans in colorado, they improved their numbers a lot. The democrats have lost the colossal part of what had been their colossal advantage in new voter registration in colorado. Let's go to iowa. Look at this. From january to october, that sweet spot again in 2008, new democratic registrations outpaced republican registrations in iowa by almost 8 to 1. Look at 2012. Look at the difference. That's negative. Look at those numbers. That's 0 in the middle. Where did all the democrats go? The democrats have lost, not gained, lost almost 23,000 new registrants this year. Meanwhile republicans are basically puttering along same as they ever did. But when you compare them with the democrats, quite a different margin. Definitely enough to wipe out the democrats advantage and then some. In florida last time, january through september, democrats signed up almost half a million new voters. Florida republicans, less than half that in 2008. But this time around, florida republicans changed the rules and passed a new law that makes it tougher to hold registration drives. It had a huge effect on the number of new democratic registrations. Republicans fotheir numbers dropping too, but not by nearly so much. The new gap that helped the democrats so much in florida in 2008 is all but closed. But in all those states, democrats say they are not worried about those numbers. Why not? Joining us now is the executive director of the party. Thank you for joining us. Do we have audio and I can't hear it? We've got an audio difficulty that is apparently solvable. WE'LL TAKE A QUICK BREAK.a little Q&A for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of tires? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. ????????????????????@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ 

[00:45:47]


>>> after a brief technical difficulty, which we have conquered, joined us is the executive director of the florida democratic party. I'm very sorry for that awkward introduction. Thank you for joining us. 
>> No problem. 
>> We got these numbers from florida state government showing that the historic democratic advantage in voter registration from 2008 is much, ch, much reduced in 2012. Do the numbers look right to you? And how do you feel about them? 
>> They do look about right. The republican governor rick scott and the legislature tried to criminalize voter registration. So you did have a lot of groups like the legal women voters who basically said they had to get out of the voter registration business. You see that reflecting a lot of the numbers. But that's not the approach we took. Together with with the obama campaign, we have done an aggressive effort over the last year and outregistered republicans eight months in a row. We have seen that number grow. So we really feel good about the last 12 months and where we ended up. 
>> In terms of the change in the law, it was a judge who blocked that law as of august. Then it was catch up time once registration drives were relegalized in florida. Why is it that the florida democratic party would be more, sort of, dependent on or at least attractive to new-ly registered voters than the republican party is? 
>> Where we have seen our great gains itino voters and that's obvious with the president's message with the dream act. It was opening up our country and attracting them greatly in the cuban community, puerto rican community. All the hispanic communities. Young people, african-american. If you look at the subsets, the women voters, young voters, our margins are about 30 points over republicans. It's about the message that the president has been giving. We do see that every month. 

[00:47:51]


>> Early voting begins in florida this saturday, is that right? 
>> Right. This saturday. 
>> In 2008 we know floridians waited hours in some cases for the chance to early vote. Not just election day lines, but early voting lines. This time around the legislature cut the days for early voting by quite a bit. Can you as a political party make it any easier for people to just go through the voting process this year? Can you do anything at this point to make it so people aren't dissuaded by long lines? 
>> Absolutely. One thing we have done this year in pticular is a huge absentee push by the obama campaign and the party here. For the first time ever, democrats have gone over a million requests here in florida. That's a historical landmark for us. That's so we can get more people voting by mail so less lines. We have decided we're not going to whine about the change in the law. We're going to do something about it. 
>> We have been getting ballots in people's hands now so they get turned in so when we get to saturday, we can go right into the process. 
>> Does that also account for some of the super long ballots we're seeing this year in florida? We sent away to get sample ballots. Ten-page long ballots with the long voter initiatives on them. A report out of tallahassee that said absentee voters are taking eight minutes to fill out the ballot. Cothat be causing bottlenecks at the polls? Any thoughts about that? 
>> Absolutely. The republicans loaded up the bat ballot with 12 amendments. That's why it's important for folks to vote by mail. Encourage people to go early so they encourage people to go early. When people vote earlier one they can take a little longer at the polls. Our job is really to educate folks and it is a long ballot and in some of our bigger counties it's even longer. They need to know that going in so they can take their time, get through the whole ballot and make sure everybody gets to vote. That's our job, to educate folks on what to expect when they get there. 

[00:50:10]


>> Scott arceneaux. Thank you for your time tonight sir. Good luck. 
>> Thank you. 
>> So florida obviously is still home to most of the nation's alligator e through stolen car or kidnapping type of news story. Florida is also famously home to a lot of the nation's shady politics news story. This year florida has competition from a state you would not expect it from.?????? ?????? constipated? Yeah. Mm. SOME LAXATIVES LIKE Dulcolax CAN CAUSE CRAMPS. BUT Phillips' Caplets DON'T. They have magnesium. For effective relief of occasional constipation. Thanks. 
[ Phillips' Lady ] LIVE THE REGULAR LIFE. Phillips'. 'bout ] stop! Stop! Stop! Come back here! Humans -- we are beautifully imperfect creatures living in an imperfect world. That's why liberty mutual insurance has your back with great ideas like our optional better car replacement. If your car is totaled, we give you the money to buy one a model year newer. Call... And ask one of our insurance experts about it today. Hello?! We believe our customers do their best out there in the world, and we do everythi we can to be there for them when they need us. 
[Car alarm blaring] Call now and also ask about our 24/7 support and service. Call... And lock in your rate for 12 months today. Liberty mutual insurance. Responsibility. What'syour policy? bears. He used to wash them in hot water. He didn't get the irony. I'm not the tree-hugging type. But I am the saving money on energy type. So we switched to the cold cycle and with Tide Coldwater his teddy bears are clean. Polar Bears. That's our Tide for conserving energy. next? He's going to apply testosterone to his underarm. AXIRON, the only underarm treatment for low T, can restore testosterone levels back to normal in most men. AXIRON is not for use in women or anyone younger than 18. AXIRON can transfer to others through direct contact. Women, especially those who are or who may become pregnant, and children should avoid contact where AXIRON is applied as unexpected signs of puberty in children or changes in body hair or increased acne in women may occur. Report these signs and symptoms to your doctor if they occur. Tell your doctor about all medical conditions and medications. Do not use if you have prostate or breast cancer. Serious side effects could include increased risk of prostate cancer; worsening prostate symptoms; decreased sperm count; ankle, feet, or body swelling; enlarged or painful breasts; problems breathing while sleeping; and blood clots in the legs. Common side effects include skin redness or irritation where applied, increased red blood cell count, headache, diarrhea, vomiting, and increase in PSA. See your doctor, and for a 30-day free trial, go to Axiron.com. 

[00:53:52]


>>> Congratulations. They started early voting yesterday in the crucial swing state of colorado. We have seen long lines in other states this week, but in colorado a lot of people vote by mail, so the polls were not too crowded. Which is awesome, especially for colorado, where so much about voting has not gone awesome y this year. Like this suer for instance. Where they launched a voter registration drive. It was the digest in thestate's history. They just finished the website now you can become a voter by using your smort phone and ipad to register like you see in these ads that were made by the state. And when you invite millions of people to become voters, some of them will actually try to become voters. Some of them will even try to do it the way you showed them to on the smart phones. But look at how that turned out when people actually tried to do it. The state website for signing up that way did not work correctly. It did not work correctly for more than ten days. A software glitch made it so that 800 people's registrations did not g through. And they didn't go through in such a way that it was 800 people who thought they registered online with the state, but the state screwed it up and it didn't work and those 800 military people were not in fact registered. Don't worry, said secretary of state scott guess ler. Everybody just go over to make sure you're registered. The deadline for doing that was TUESDAY OCTOBER 9th. And in the predawn hours of that deadline day, we started hearing from viewers of this show who live in colorado, people e-mailing us on that last day, you can make sure the state's screwed up system registered you, the last day you could fix that, the last day you could register to vote period in that swing state, colorado, and on that last day, this is what the state's website looked like. A picture of mr. Scott gessler and this message. We regret that we have experienced intermittent technical difficulties with online voter registration. So on the last day you could register to vote. S lat day you could fix your registration, people coming to the official state website to try to fix that, could not register to vote. Could not fix it. The republican secretary of state's office blamed the crashing website on incredibly high traffic. That they of course asked for, but they then did not prepare for. And that seems to be a sign of how things are going in the great state of colorado this year under the leadership of republican secretary of state scott gessler. Just the day before the voter registration website popped out there, the guy whose picture is at the top of that pooped out website, the republican secretary of state, he received a letter from local election officials around his state. The colorado county clerk's association wrote to mr. Gessler to sound an alarm over what they called a series of errors and oversights by his office. The clerk said they were not sure exactly how to print the ballots this year. They had not been advised of how to do that. They compressed concerns about the way a voter registration melee had been handled. They said they were quite worried about the online registration system that had lost hundreds of registrations because then what happens when the trusting wood-be voter shows up at the polls thinking he or she registered but the system ate it. After the deadline, the clerks were facing a back log of 35,000 new registrations, many of them from the last day that you could register. In colorado, this is just the view from here, but your elecon system looks like kind of a mess they're year. And it's not like we didn't see it coming. Republican secretary of state scott gessler started making headlines last year when he tried to stop mailing ballots to every voter who normally gets one. Last no he again ordered the clerk in denver to not mail ballots the way she usually does. This summer with the election looming, mr. Gessler launched a new purge of the voter rules. He challenged the registrations of al f colorado voters. 14 people ended up getting taken off the rolls. None of them had actually voted. Now scott gessler is waiting on the results of another round of purchase. Where he's checking up on 2,000 of those same voters again. And scott gessler served as the featured speaker for the tea party poll watcher's vote true the vote. Colorado, yo elections are such a mess that you are on the verge of beinous for that. This op-ed appeared in "tt washington post" quote, could colorado be another florida. Could colorado screw it up for the whole country? Could scott gessler be this year's kathryn harris? It's a good question. Is 14 days left. And then it is too late just to ask the question. 14 days left and then it is too late just to be worried about it. That does it for us tonight. We will see you again tomorrow night. Now it's time for "the last word" with lawrence o'donnell. Have a great night. 

[00:59:43]


>>> And so, a 21st century presidential campaign comes down to a fight over horses and bayonets. 

﻿Title: The Situation Room
Description: Traditional reporting and online resources update international news.
Channel: 202 - CNN
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/8/2005
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

G to hear from the obama/biden team live from ohio this hour. Also, the romney/ryan team live from nevada this hour. Both of these presidential candidates getting ready to speak. You'll see it. You'll hear it live. This hour in "the situation room." And are some florida voters being intimidated? Details of out of state letters targeting republicans. I'm wolf blitzer. You're in "the situation room." 
>>> Fourteen days until americans pick the next president. Cnn is geared up to bring you the most comprehensive coverage of these final two weeks of the campaign. Our correspondents are in the most critical battleground states acrosthe country as president obama and mitt romney try to win over those few remaining undecided voters who could very well sway this expected very, very close election. We have both of these presidential campaigns live this hour. You see joe biden, democratic vice presidential nominee. He's also the vice president of the united states. He's speaking right now in dayton, ohio. He's going to be introducing the president who's going to be speaking right after him. And in henderson, nevada, another key battleground state, paul ryan is speaking right now getting ready to introduce mitt romney. This hour you will hear from both mitt romney and barack obama on this important day after the third and final presidential debate. Let's go to nevada right now. Six electoral votes are at stake there. In 2008 they went to president obama. While he holds a two-point lead in a recent poll in that state, he's statistically tied with mitt romney in nevada right now. Our national political correspondent jim acosta's on the scene for us with the romney campaign. What's going on on this day after the last debate? 

[00:02:09]


>> Reporter: Well, wolf, you might be able to notice behind me that paul ryan is on stage. He's getting ready to introduce the man at the top of the ticket, mitt romney. The romney campaign believes that the gop nominee achieved his objective at last night's debate by not going after all of the president's lines of attack in that final showdown there in boca raton, florida. Wolf, the debates are over. And the real race is now on. 
>> Hello, florida. 
>> Reporter: Bang, the final presidential debate was the starting pistol for a two-week sprint to the finish line as president obama fought to hold onto florida, mitt romney tried his luck in nevada. 
>> And by the way, the math in my plan adds up. 
>> Reporter: On the campaign plane, romney's advisors were quick to brush off the president's move to unveil a new 20-page blueprint outlining his agenda for a second term. The romney campaign has already turned the gop nominee's debate to the economy. 
>> Governor romney, wrong and reckless policies? 
>> I've got a policy for the future. And agenda for the future. 
>> Reporter: Into a new ad. 
>> I'll get us on track to a balanced budget. 
>> Reporter: A trio of key debate flash points lay down the lines. Romney's attack on mr. Obama's decision not to visit israel during his first foreign president. 
>> You went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and saudi arabia and turkey and iraq. And by the way, you skipped israel. 
>> If we're going to talk about trips that we've taken -- 
>> Reporter: For factory workers in ohio, the flare up over romney's opposition to the auto bailout. 
>> Iran, mr. President. 
>> No, I am not wrong. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> And for military voters in virginia, romney's charge that the size of the navy is at 1917 levels. 

[00:04:12]


>> Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. 
>> Reporter: It was hardly a direct hit for either candidate. As it turns out, every marine still undergoes bayonet traing. And the fact checking watchdog blame the president for the current navy fleet levels as pants on fire. Now, as for the president's blueprint that he laid out earlier today talking about his second term agenda, we did talk to some senior romney advisors on the campaign plane we were coming into nevada earlier this afternoon. And in the words of one of those romney advisors, they called that blueprint a glossy panic button. Now, as for the travels of the two candidates they're going to be on this stage in a few moments from now, we are going to be hearing nevada as we just mentioned. But they are headed next to colorado and then, wolf, mitt romney heads to iowa and ohio and then virginia looks like this weekend. If you live in a swing state, he is probably coming to a town near you, wolf. 
>> We're going to hear governor romney and president obama live this hour in nevada and ohio. Gloves certainly were off for president obama last night after being criticized for not being aggressive enough in the first presidential debate. The president has been hammering away at mitt romney in subsequent debates and on the campaign trail including today. Let's get some more now from our chief political analyst gloria borger. This new strategy -- I guess it's a new strategy after that first debate, hammer, hammer, hammer. What's up? 
>> Well, let's state the obvious, which we all now it's a close raid e race. President obama went into that debate much the same as mitt romney went into the first debate. Mitt romney in the first debate knew he was behind. Going into this last debate, the president's campaign saw the polls tightening. They didn't like what they were seeing. They understood the president has an advantage when it comes to foreign policy. Commander in chief has had some foreign policy successes. Mitt romney not as comfortable on that terrain. So they decided to attack. And I think you'd have to say that it worked for them. What they're going after, wolf, not so much the undersided voters because there aren't many of those left, it's what one pollster described to me today as fluctuating voters. Voters who go back and forth between the candidates who may have been for obama in 2008, little diseffed decided they'd give romney a look. And the big thing for the romney campaign is they want mitt romney to be acceptable to those voters who are fluctuating as they put it. 

[00:06:48]


>> The obama campaign put out an ad sort of a summation if you will. Let me play a little clip. 
>> Here's my plan for the next four years. Making education and training a national priority. Building on our manufacturing boom, boosting american-made energy. Reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more. And ending the war in afghanistan so we can do some nation building here at home. 
>> Read between the lines for us, gloria? 
>> Well, it is a book called a plan for jobs. And I think you can honestly say I did this because voters were complaining they didn't have enough vision for the next four years. As my colleague pointed out earlier today on cnn, there isn't a lot in this that's new or that's unexpected. They talk about energy, they talk about president's health care plan. They do for example talk about education and a goal of reducing college tuition in half over the next ten years, but they don't explain exactly how the federal government will do that. But at least they tried to put it in a book and say, here's our road map. Just read. Sort of the same as saying it's on my website, just read it. But here it is sfwl romney may not have won the debate last night according to our instant poll, but he did achieve some important things 
>> again, it's thatparticularly as commander in chief. We ask whether president romney can handle the job as commander in chief. You see they're almost at parody there, wolf, both at 60% or above. So I think what the romney people that I spoke to today felt very happy and very comfortable with that. Their big job that they have left, wolf, is to capitalize on the intensity they say they're feeling of their voters out there. If they can get their voters out, and if they can make republicans enthusiastic and they've seen a building intensity since that first debate, then they think they've got a shot even in the all-important state of iowa where they maintain the polls are tied. Other polls show it with obama having a lead. But the romney campaign says, you know what, we're there. We're almost there. 

[00:09:11]


>> We're going to hear from both of these presidential candidates. They're just beginning to speak. They're welcoming some of the guests that have come out there at these rallies. The president of the united states in ohio. Governor romney in nevada. When we come back, you'll hear from both of these presidential candidates. ] lab. Tomato, obviously. Haha. There's more than that though, there's a kick to it. There's a pop. Wahlalalalallala! Pepper, but not pepper, I'm getting like, pep-pepper. It's kind of like drinking a food that's a drink, or a drink that's a food, zip zip zip zip zip! I'm literally getting zinged by the flavor. Smooth, but crisp. Velvety. Kind of makes me feel like a dah zing yah woooooh! 
[ Male Announcer ] TASTE IT AND DESCRIBE The indescribable. Could've had a v8. Woooo! call Silverado! The most dependable, longest lasting, full-size pickups on the road. So, what do you think? 
[ engine revs ] I'll take it. 
[ Male Announcer ] IT'S CHEVY TRUCK MONTH. Now during chevy truck month, get 0% apr financing for 60 months or trade up to get the 2012 chevy silverado all-star edition with a total value of $8,000. Hurry in before they're all gone! ] here to volunteer to help those in need. When a twinge of back pain surprises him. Morning starts in high spirits, but there's a growing pain in his lower back. As lines grow longer, his pain continues to linger. But after a long day of helping others, he gets some helpful advice. JUST TWO Aleve HAVE THE STRENGTH To keep back pain away all day. TODAY, JASON CHOSE Aleve. Just two pills for all day pain relief. TRY Aleve D FOR STRONG, ALL DAY LONG Sinus and headache relief. ] 100. 100% New. 100% Mmm... Wow, that is mmm... It's so mmm you might not believe it's a hundred calories. New Yoplait Greek 100. It is so good. 

[00:12:44]


>>> Governor romney is speaking in nevada. President obama is speaking in ohio. President obama really, really blasting mitt romney for romnesia right now. Listen in. 
>> -- Won't give a big tax cut to the wealthy, but you're on a video promising your tax cut would include the top 1%. That sounds like a classic case of romnesia. If you say that you love american cars during a debate, you're a car guy, but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you definily have a case of romnesia. Last night governor romney looked you right in the eye -- looked me in the eye, tried to pretend that he never said let detroit go bankrupt. Tried to pretend he meant the same thing I did when we intervened and worked to make sure that management and workers got together to save the u.S. Auto industry. Pretended like somehow I had taken his advice. But people don't forget. The people of dayton don't forget. The people of ohio don't forget. If mitt romney had been president when the auto industry was on the verge of collapse, we might not have an american auto industry today. We'd be buying cars from china instead of selling cars to china. And you know how important that is to ohio. The auto industry supports one in eight ohio jobs. It's a source of pride to this state. It is a source of pride to our country. It's a source of pride to generations of workers. I refuse to walk away from those workers. I bet on those workers. I refuse to walk away from those jobs. I understood that americans can compete. I wasn't about to let detroit go bankrupt or toledo go bankrupt. I bet on american workers. I bet on american manufacturing. I would do it again because that bet has paid off for ohio and for america in a big way. So here's the good news, ohio, if you've come down with a case of romnesia, if you can't seem to remember the positions that you've taken not just four years ago but four days ago, if you don't remember the positions that are on your website, if you don't remember the promises you've been making during the six years that you've been running for president, you don't have to worry because obama care covers pre-existing conditions. We can fix you up. There's a cure. There's a cure. There's a cure, but you got to vote to make sure that the medicine is there for romnesia. Now, we joke about governor romney being all over the map, but it speaks to something important. It speaks of trust. There's no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trust. Trust matters. You know, you want to know that the person who's applying to be your president and commander in chief is trustworthy, that he means what he says, that he's not just making stuff up depending on whether it's convenient or not. So, you know, smart people who they don't have a dog in this fight. They've crunched the numbers. And we know governor romney's jobs plan doesn't really create jobs. We know his deficit plan doesn't really reduce the deficit. His foreign policy's from the 1980s BEFORE THE COLD WAR WAS Over. His social policy's from the 1950s. And his economic policies are FROM THE 1920s. He knows he can't sell that even though those are his positions. So in the closing weeks of the campaign he's doing everything he can to hide his true positions and tell us what he thinks you want to hear and then spend most of his time telling you what he thinks is wrong with america. Joe biden just talked about that. Talking about america's in decline. He is terrific at making presentations about stuff he thinks is wrong with america. But he sure can't give you an answer about what will make it right. And that's not leadership that you can trust. You know, ohio, younow me. You know I mean what I say. You know that I do what I say I'm going to do. You know that I'll make the tough decisions even when they're not popular. Folks don't remember what we did with the auto industry. It wasn't popular when we did it. It wasn't even popular in michigan and ohio, but it was necessary. And because I have folks like joe biden with me who can support me when I make tough decisions, we went and did what we thought was right. And I know people -- 

[00:18:31]


>> all right. We're going to continue to monitor the president in ohio right now. We'll take a quick break. When we come back, we'll get a very, very different side of the story. Mitt romney, he is really going after the president rit now. Mitt romney in nevada right after this. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] AT&T. The nation's largest 4g network. Now covering 3000 more 4g cities and towns than verizon. At&t. Rethink possible. Ring. Progresso. I just served my mother-in-law your Chicken Noodle soup but she loved it so much... I told her it was homemade. Everyone tells a little white lie now and then. But now she wants my recipe 
[ clears his throat ] [ softly ] She's right behind me isn't she? 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. Just because you live out here, doesn't mean you have to settle for slow, dial-up internet. That's because getting high-speed internet by satellite is now easier than ever with new hughesnet gen4. With improved download capacity and new plans that are up to 15 times faster than before, america's number one choice for satellite internet is now better than ever. With hughesnet gen4, you can do more of what you love to do online. Get more of the news, business and weather updates that you need. Check your e-mail. Share photos. And, shop online. If you want high-speed internet where you live, there's never been a better time than right now. In fact, standard installation is free when you order hughesnet today. So, what are you waiting for? Your best choice in satellite internet is just a phone call away. Call today and get free standard installation. Just call the number on your screen or go online today. 

[00:22:32]


>>> Republican presidential nominee mitt romney has been speaking in henderson, nevada, outside of las vegas. And he spoke extensively about what happened last night. 
>> Now, my guess is you had the chance to watch that debate last night, may a couple debates. Yeah. And these debates have supercharged our campaign. There's no question about it we're seeing more and more enthusiasm, more and more support. We're going to make sure that these campaigns that the message of these debates, rather, that these messages keep going across the country. I had to look at the president's campaign as well through the eyes of those debates. Well, you know, he's been reduced to try to defend characters on sesame street and word games of various kinds. And then misfired attacks after one another. The truth is that attacks on me are not an agenda. We've gone through four debates now -- we've gone through four debates -- his idea of growing the economy is raising taxes. Does anyone think raising taxes creates more jobs? Look, his vision for the future is a repeat of the past. We don't want to go into the past. Our plan has five key steps that will get this economy going because we're serious about these things. We're going to finally get north american energy independence using our coal, our oil, our gas, our nuclear and our renewables. We're going to make trade work for america by making sure we open up new markets particularly in latin america. Latin america we have advantages there with language and time zone and we're going to crack down on cheaters when they steal our jobs through unfair trade practices like china will crack down. He has not. We're going to make training programs work for the people who need training and fix our schools. By the way, we can fix our schools because we don't get the largest share of our campaign contributions to the teachers unions. He does. As a matter of fact, we get none of our campaign contributions from the teachers unions. We're going to do something to fix our schools that needs to be done across the country. And that is we're putting our kids first and the parents first and the teachers first and the teachers unions going behind. And number five, number five is this, we're going to champion small business. We want small business to grow and thrive and to add more jobs. We want to help small business people with lower taxes and regulators that see themselves as being on the same team as opposed to being in that position to small business. We're going to help small business grow and thrive in this country. I understand small business. I didn't read about small business. I didn't study small business. I lived small business. And I'm going to help small business grow. Look, his is a status quo candidacy. His is a message of going forward with the same policies of the last four years. And that's why his campaign is slipping. And that's why ours is gaining so much steam. I'm convinced as paul said, we can do better. I know we can. This is not just a matter of paul and me. This is a movement across the country. People recognizing that we can do a better job as a nation than we've done over these last four years. I've seen it throughout my life. And in the heart of the american people there's a greatness. Equality of the human spirit that tells me if we tap into it, if we allow freedom to bloom as it can, you're going to see this country come back and an economy that roars to success. 

[00:26:42]


>> There he is, mitt romney in nevada, a key battleground state. Earlier the president in ohio, another key battleground state. We're watching both of these presidential candidates in this the final two weeks of this campaign. The obama campaign's just released a new booklet detailing the president's plans for a second term. Our panel has plenty of questions and some unsolicited advice when we come back.Al wanted to provide better employee benefits while balancing the company's bottom line, their very first word was... 
[ to the tune of "Lullaby and Good Night" ] ?????? Af-lac ?????? ?????? aflac ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] FIND OUT MORE AT... [ Duck ] AFLAC! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...FORBUSINESS.COM. 
[ yawning sound ] 

[00:30:12]


>>> With just two weeks until the election, president obama wants voters to read all about his plans for a second term. Here's a quick snapshot. 
>> I've laid out a plan for jobs and middle class security. And unlike mitt romney, I'm actually proud to talk about what's in it. 
>> One advisor called that new blueprint a glossy panic button. 
>> Fourteen days before the election, now you're handing out fliers on your financial plan? Procrastinator in chief. 
>> You could say the same about mitt romney. Neither man wants to commit to too many details at this point. 
>> Last night listening to mitt romney was like listening to a candidate who was running on cliff notes or who had rosetta stone foreign policy. 
>> Let's get straight to our own kate bolduan and some unsolicited advice from our panel. Kate. 
>> I'll offer any time even if you don't ask. Thank you, wolf. Hey, guys. So you heard that great kind of snapshot right there. The president saying he's now laid out his plan for a second term. So, van, we're two weeks out. He's laying out his plan or highlighting his plan for a second term agenda. It's a little light on the details, many would say. What's the point now? 
>> Well, I think he's taking my advice because we were on unsolicited advice before and i said he should just enumerate his plan. And so here we are. Actually, I think what's amazing is he has had a plan. In fact, with his jobs proposal which was stopped by congress repeatedly, that was a clear plan. He was out on the stump for a year with a clear plan. I think it's opportunity for him to remind people. He's not introducing anything new. He's reminding people. I hope what the public picks up on is wait a minute, this sounds familiar. Oh, he was fighting for this all the past two years and the republicans stopped him. Even stuff like republicans should have supported him on, tax cuts for small businesses, tax cuts for 98% o americans, bringing our troops home to rebuild america. All of that stuff should sound familiar because he's been saying it the whole time. 
>> Van, you've got to admit though. You're a wonky guy. Maybe you're not a political in the weeds, but honestly, if you're putting out a plan two weeks before the election, doesn't that suggest -- doesn't that suggest what you've been saying so far hasn't been working? Doesn't it suggest that what I've been doing so far maybe got us out of the hole, but I'm going to do more of it just wasn't working well enough? 

[00:32:31]


>> Or are you in a little bit of trouble if voters don't know this plan already? 
>> I think what this suggests, I've heard a lot of complaints from voters, I myself complain about this, lack of big vision from both candidates. We've been in a very small campaign. Take a look, we have spent more time discussing children toys, first etch-a-sketch and now battleship than we have been articulating a great big optimistic vision for america in the next four years. I think they heard that. And that's kind of what they're trying to do is short on details but high on gloss. 
>> Look, we're past the three debates, right? Both candidates have been out there talking about what it is they want to do at some level for the past year and a half. We're now past the three debates. We're in the home stretch. What the president did today was kind of take everything he's been saying, put it together in one package and say, here it is. What the president needs to do also which I think he's started to do is also say here's what happens if I'm elected. And here's what happens if mitt romney's elected. He says he's got a plan. He may be running away from it, but let me tell you exactly what his plan means to you. That contrast is what really is going to matter in this home stretch. 
>> Doesn't that get at the crux of the argument right now? Finally in the last two weeks president obama what he has been running against mitt romney essentially. He hasn't been running for a second term of president obama. We just saw two cut aways of the two campaign events just now. You had mitt romney saying here's my five-point plan and then cut aways of president obama saying mitt romney's a really bad guy. 
>> Let me ask you this, margaret, romney campaign advisors called this blueprint put out called the booklet a glossy panic button. But jessica yellin in the snapshot right off the top made a great point. You could say kind of same thing about the romney tax reform plan. That it is also quite light on specifics. And he's been criticized on. 
>> This is 20 pages and mitt romney's plan is 150. 
>> Not sure it's a better thing. 
>> But it's principles. You do have principles. You can do sort of the math as an add-up and that's totally fair and legitimate. We're going to see how they'll make the numbers work. Kind of a 227-page health care plan before you know what's in it. 

[00:34:47]


>> This is political marketing 101. 
>> Uh-huh. 
>> Take a look at this plan, you can show some of the pages, it's long on pictures, short on u% detail. It doesn't matter. It's for the purposes of having a prop to hold up on stage and say I've got a plan. Now feel better americans. 
>> Let me say two things. You're right that he has not done a great job of making sure people understand what his plan is. 
>> Like summing it up. 
>> Part of that is because what his job is. He both has to continue to make the point about what he wants to do, but he does have to take down mitt romney. And part of it is mitt romney's plan though he has a plan has been literally laughed at by economists. Literally a two minus two equals four plan. And the president has a double burden here. He's got to be able to knock that down. I think at this point people that believe mitt romney's plan is not a good plan need to hear what the president wants to do more clearly. So that's what he's doing. From my point of view if you look at where the president is right now, he had a bad stumble with that first debate. Look at his reforms the last two debates. You see his base now rallying back to him. And over the next two weeks you will see him holding that plan up. What is the plan? And I think that's the conversation he wants to have. 
>> Unfortunately for -- 
>> hey, listen, he had the etch-a-sketch as the prop for the other guy. A plan for a prop for himself. 
>> Unfortunately, for the president the debate that mattered the most is the first. We didn't see the second debate have anywhere near the same effect. We're yet to see what the third debate has done. 
>> In terms of the plan that's out there, you've worked closely and intimately in a presidential campaign, is there a hesitance especially this late in the game to get into specifics? Because you don't want to rock the boat or mess it up? 
>> No. In fact I argue in a race like this this is exactly the time you want to get into specifics. We're down to the home stretch. We've got a very small group of undecided voters. You want to do two things. You want to mobilize your base by drawing the contrast between yoand your opponent and talk to the differences between you and your opponent. What's striking me is mitt romney is running away from the plan he's been talking about for the past year and a half. And that's what the president really cannot let up on. He's got to hold his feet to the fire. It's not that mitt romney is a flip-flopper. That's part of it. The problem with mitt romney is that his plan doesn't add up and will have devastating consequences on the middle class. 

[00:37:21]


>> Go ahead, margaret. 
>> The question now as a messaging expert, if you get into detail in the last two weeks after you've already made your closing arguments to the american people, howis going to resonate? All the ad time bought up on the air, super pacs taking up all the messaging, how much of the details nuance specifics of an economic plan are going to get through. 
>> Have you looked at this brochure? What details are we talking about here? There's one of everything, okay, woman. Latino, african-american. 
>> There's two copies at the table. Hold on a second, van. You guys take a moment. 
>> I have seen more detail in a skin care infomercial. 
>> On that note, we're going to talk -- we're going to read through this a little bit more and talk about what ana just said. And next our panel is going to give some unsolicited advice to some very unsuspecting targets. WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK. Plus PRESENTS THE COLD Truth. I have a cold, and I took nyquil, but I'm still stubbed up. 
[ Male Announcer ] TRUTH IS, Nyquil doesn't unstuff your nose. WHAT? [ Male Announcer ] IT DOESN'T HAVE A decongestant. No way. 
[ Male Announcer ] SORRY. Alka-Seltzer Plus FIGHTS YOUR WORST COLD Symptoms plus has a fast-acting decongestant to relieve your stuffy nose. THANKS. [ Male Announcer ] YOU'RE WELCOME. That's the cold truth! 
[ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus. ?????? Oh what a relief it is! ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] TRY NEW Alka-Seltzer Plus Severe Allergy To treat allergy symptoms plus sinus congestion and pain. dreams. One is for a clean, domestic energy future that puts us icontrol. Our abundant natural gas is already saving us money, producing cleaner electricity, putting us to work here in america and supporting wind and solar. Though all energy development comes with some risk, we're committed to safely and responsibly producing natural gas. It's not a dream. America's natural gas... Putting us in control of our energy future, now. 

[00:41:40]


>>> Welcome back to "the situation room" and unsolicited advice. It's time for our panel to give their unsolicited advice. Margaret, start with you. 
>> The news the last few days in the cycling world, mine is for lance armstrong. It's time to come clean. No pun intended. Really. What this guy has to do, he was a hero to so many people. He brought a generation of athletes into a new sport in the united states. The best thing you can do is fess up, come clean, say what you did and say you're sorry. Because it's the first step towards redemption and people know you did it. 
>> Redemption might be tough on this one. It's been quite a -- 
>> it's a long path to redemption, but you start by saying what you did. 
>> Good luck getting the money back. I think that would be redeeming. Short of that, he could take that and go to a desert island somewhere, buy one maybe. 
>> It is heartbreaking. I had my yellow band and it sort of -- it was such an inspirational story of somebody overcoming something. It's just really sad. I actually do feel sorry not only for him but also the young people he inspired. 
>> I feel sorry for the organization. 
>> Exactly. 
>> Despite the recent developments, we have to remember he did do a lot of good for that organization. 
>> And the organization can still do good, which I think people should remember. 
>> And he's still a famous name. He can do good. We're going to -- americans are very forgiving people. And I think if he spends some time now in his life doing good, continuing to do good in charity -- >>entually. 
>> -- Eventually. 
>> We have a short memory in tv. That's for sure. Go ahead. 
>> My advice is for independent voters who are science fiction fans. Okay. This could swing the election. So think about who mitt romney is. In every scene he's different. In one scene he says afghanistan, we shouldn't get out, then we should. On syria, we should have ground troops, we shouldn't. He's a shape shifter. And no science fiction movie is the shape shifter the good guy. You don't want the shape shifter to take over the ship. Fear romney. That's all I got to say. 

[00:43:56]


>> You obviously watch "true blood." 
>> I said movie. I've done my research. 
>> Also by hbo. Part of our parent company. 
>> All my fellow ges, fear romney. No shape shifters in the white house. 
>> There's a lot of microtargeting going on in ohio. And I have a feeling now they're microtargeting all the sci-fi reeders directly to shape shifters. 
>> The problem romney is he's a shape shifter wan na be. 
>> Ana, please take this. 
>> All right. My unsolicited advice is also to undecided voters to uncommitted voters, all right, folks, we've now gone through three debates. We've seen these guys say jokes. We've seen thing sing. We've seen them talk. We've been watching them now for six years, frankly. Decide. Make it easy for the rest of us. Let's wrap this up. Get off the fence. Put your finger in the wind. Flip a coin. Do whatever you have to do, but it's time to bring this home. 
>> A lot of people don't believe that there are really undecideds out there, that people just aren't telling which way they're going. 
>> I've actually met a few in the last few days. I thought they were like big foot. Some sort of mythical figure that existed only somewhere in the imagination. But there's actually evidence of them. I've met some and even friends with a couple it turns out. 
>> They will be very important come two weeks from now. Mo. 
>> Voters are getting a lot of unsolicited advice here today. 
>> Shocking. 
>> My advice to voters is pay attention below the presidential line on your ballot. There are a lot of important senate and house races this election. Congress is completely paralyzed by gridlock. Its got 14% approval rating, moderates are fleeing the chamber. This matters. This matters. And it's easy for voters to just kind of throw up their hands and stare down at their belly buttons and say I give up. But don't. You can fix it. You can actually vote for people that will work towards common ground and reject those that are hyperpartisans. It's not just about the balance of power. It's actually about balance in politics. 

[00:45:59]


>> So you're saying vote the person, not the party. Split your ticket. 
>> Vote for the people willing to come together. 
>> He's saying vote for my client. Approved by mo. 
>> I didn't mention names. 
>> I do think the president may have missed some opportunities. You're saying why haven't you gotten more done, to actually run more fully against the congress and say in both parties vote for people who want to cooperate with each other. Not saying that just makes him look like he's a failure when in fact he's a victim of a dynamic he hasn't tried to change directly. 
>> You've got to stop running against something and run for something at some point. 
>> He has his prop ready to go. We just need some more props. 
>> How about you? 
>> I knew you were going to ask. Today I will offer my unsolicited advice. My advice is to both campaigns. Congratulations. You have fabulous writers coming up with creative catch phrases to the latest of romnesia. I think at this point two weeks out, time to put the catch phrases away and the zingers and one-liners and really talk to voters because I don't think the election's going to turn on those fancy words. 
>> I like it. 
>> I ke it. Here's the deal, I think they should stop telling the jokes. But if it turns out that your economic five-point plan is a joke, you should get rid of it. The people laughing the most are the economists laughing at romney -- 
>> or, people might be -- 
>> you've heard me say -- 
>> esteemed economist from the university of columbia. 
>> I think people are laughing that we were talking about sci-fi and the market in ohio. On that note, we will end our unsolicited advice today. Wolf, if I need to remind you of anything, we're two weeks out. 
>> You're having way too m fun over there. 
>> Way too much. 
>> Some florida republicans are getting official looking letters questioning whether they're legally allowed to vote. The problem is the letters aren't coming from any one official. ] gorge, high up in the atlas mountains of morocco. Have you seen this road we're going down? ?????? ?????? there is no relief for the brakes. We'll put them to the test today. All right, let's move out! 

[00:48:38]


[ Ross ] WE'RE PUSHING THE ATS BRAKES TO The limit. Going as fast as we can down the hill. We are making these sharp turns, slamming on the brembo brakes. 
[ Derek ] IT'S LIKE INSTANT RESPONSE, INCREDIBLY Consistent. This is the challenge, machine vs. Mountain. 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ALL-NEW CADILLAC ATS. calcium is efficiently absorbed in small continuous amounts. Citracal Slow Release Continuously releases calcium plus d with efficient absorption in one daily dose. Citracal Slow Release. bp gulf. Bp has paid over twenty-three billion dollars to help those affected and to cover cleanup costs. Today, the beaches and gulf are open, and many areas are reporting their best tourism seasons in years. And bp's also committed to america. We support nearly 250,000 jobs and invest more here than anywhere else. We're working to fuel america for generations to come. Our commitment has never been stronger. 

[00:51:22]


>>> All the battleground states, florida holds the single biggest prize, 29 electoral votes. President obama won there in 2008. Recent polls show however it's a dead heat. And in a suspicious new development, some florida voters are getting letters mailed from out of state questioning whether they're legally eligible to vote. Cnn crime and justice correspondent joe johns is here in "the situation room." Joe has been looking into this. What are you finding out? 
>> Well, wolf, florida of course is just a crucial battleground state in this election. And now there's a new issue. United states postal inspectors confirmed to cnn that they have opened a preliminary investigation into bogus letters supposedly sent from county election supervisors to people in almost two dozen florida counties over the last several days. The bogus letters were sent in the mail to addresses in florida questioning the citizenship status and eligibility of registered voters. The letters told the recipients that they had to fill out and submit a form that asked for social security information among other things. The letters tell recipients that failure to submit that form will result in removal of their name from voter registration rolls, that they're no longer eligible to vote. All of which is not true. Also a warning that they may be subject to arrest and imprisonment. We spoke with republican secretary of state in florida today and he told us he's trying to get the word out about these letters while also pledging to find out whoever did this. 
>> I expect the number to go up. And we are very serious about this matter. This type of effort to intimidate voters in florida is unacceptable and will not be tolerated. And we anticipate taking every measure possible with law enforcement to make sure that the individuals doing this are prosecuted. 
>> So, joe, did these letters go to both democrats and republicans or what? 
>> Well, wolf, secretary of state ken you saw right there said the letters have gone out to voters of both parties. But the offices of several election supervisors we spoke with said most of the people who received them were registered republican voters. A democrat and supervisor of elections in leon county, which is basically tallahassee, says he learned that three of these letters went outnder his name. He thinks politically active republicans are being targeted. 

[00:53:49]


>> I suspect that whoever sending out these letters has purchased some kind of a donor or campaign list that's given him a group of high profile republicans. And I suspect they're sending this letter to them probably to do some kind of dark humored spoof. Which of course is not very funny. And the individuals who are receiving these letters are sometimes very, very, very disturbed. Which I think is probably the whole purpose for this letter. 
>> The letters actually call for the recipient to report to the county election office. So whoever did this apparently wanted it to be found out. Ion sancho there said he turned the letters he received over to federal prosecutors. The fbi says no decision has been made on whether to open an investigation. Everybody we talked to said these letters, wolf, were mailed from the see yat l, washington, area. 
>> Potentially committed a crime and could wind up in jail. 
>> Absolutely. Mail fraud is a simple thing. Basically you need intent, misrepresentation and you need somebody to do it in the mail. So it doesn't take much to pass that test. 
>> Joe, thanks very much for that disturbing report. 
>>> Early voting already is underway in the battleground state of ohio. In our next hour we're going to tell you about some interesting trends that we're already witnessing. ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? think? Basic. AT Meineke I HAVE OPTIONS... Like oil changes starting at $19.95. My money. My choice. MY Meineke. 

[00:58:30]


>>> There are some alarming new numbers connected with the nationwide meningitis outbreak. Kate bolduan's back. She's got that, some of the other top stories of the day, kate. 
>> Hey, wolf. It's a big expansion of its warnings. The food and drug administration now says more than 1,200 hospitals and clinics bought steroids and other drugs from a company whose contaminated products are linked to meningitis infections. The government reported new illnesses today. Many of the cases are in tennessee. And the state's pharmacy board just announced the new england compounding center's chief pharmacist no longer has a license to operate in the state of tennessee. Also, there was a big selloff on wall street today by the closing bell stocks were at a seven-week low. Several companies in the dow industrials most notably du pont announced worse than expected urn-- earnings --. Folks at apple unveiled new gadgets. A smaller thinner tablet named the ipad mini. It's design today compete with amazon and google, but the least expive version will be selling for $$399. 
>> Thanks very much, kate. 
>>> And you're "the situation room." G now, president obama slams his rival's debate performance saying he's suffering from romnesia. But as the candidates hit the road, is mitt romney making series inroads right now in key battleground states? Our reporters are in the swing states. They're toss-ups right now. We're talking to voters who will give us an idea which way they will go on election day. And get this, tropical storm sandy heading straight for islands in the caribbean. Could it also hammer the united states as a halloween hurricane? We want to welcome our viewers in the united states and around the world. I'm wolf blitzer. You're in "the situation room." 

[01:00:52]


>>> The dust has settled from the final debate. And now with just two weeks left in this extraordinarily close presidential campaign, the candidates are back on the campaign trail urgently crisscrossing the country focusing in on the battleground states that hold the key to this election. Only cnn has the reach to stay with them every step of the way. This hour we'll go live to cnn's dan lothian in dayton, ohio. Shannon travis is in toledo, ohio. John king is in virginia. The most crucial of all the battleground states right now is certainly ohio. It has not voted for a loser in the presidential election since 1960. Ohio now has 18 electoral votes. President obama captured the state in 2008. Our latest cnn poll of polls shows president obama leading romney among likely voters there 48% to 45%. That keeps ohio a toss-up yellow on the cnn electoral map. That keeps the candidates coming back and back and back to ohio. President obama and vice president biden are both in ohio right now. So is our white house correspondent dan lothian. He's joining us from dayton. Dan, what's the president's mood on this day after this final debate? 
>> Reporter: Well, the president certainly seemed fired up and campaigning here in the important battleground state of ohio. He's been here every week so far this month. More than 30 times since he took office. And today he continued to swing at his gop opponent mitt romney essentially picking up where he left off yesterday trying to push that narrative that when it comes to domestic issues or foreign policy, governor romney is all over the map. The president has made that argument before. But today he took it up a notch. 
>> If you talk about how much you love teachers during a debate, but just a few weeks ago you said we shouldn't hire anymore because it won't grow our economy, you might have romnesia. If you say you won't give a big tax cut to the wealthy, but you're on a video promising you're tax cut would include the top 1%, that sounds like a classic case of romnesia. If you say that you love american cars during a debate, you're a car guy, but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you definitely have a case of romnesia. 

[01:03:32]


>> Reporter: As if responding to criticism that the president has not made a convincing case for what his agenda is for the next four years, the obama campaign putting out this 19-page pamphlet, also releasing a new ad. A lot of it we've heard before talking about energy, manufacturing, building the economy from the middle class out. Republicans pounced on this saying that it's just more repackaging. It shows that there's desperation, that the obama campaign is on the defense because they realize that this race is very tight, wolf. 
>> How are these final two weeks of the campaign shaping up for the president, dan? 
>> Reporter: Well, wolf, we're seeing a crisscrossing of the country over the next 48 hours. The president will be hitting eight different states. Two of those he will not be having rallies. He'll be heading to los angeles to be on "the tonight show" with jay leno and to chicago where he'll be doing early voting. But the big focus is on the key battleground states as the obama campgn try to make people register, go out and vote, vote early but also targeting the undecided voters that could decide this race. 
>> Dan lothian, thank you. 
>>> Many ohio voters have already cast their ballots. Early absentee voting began OCTOBER 2nd. The vice president joe biden is there today as well. He's urging ohioans to take advantage. 
>> And the polls are open now for extended hours, 8:00 in the morning to 7:00 p.M. Folks, go in force now. Go vote now. For more right now and the impact that could have, let's turn to our political reporter shannon travis. Shannon, you're at the only early voting precinct in toledo right now. What are you seeing? 
>> Reporter: It's actually the only early voting place in the entire county of lucas, toledo is in this county. What we're seeing right now, wolf, is who actually should be president. I'm going to keep my voice down a little bit because it is an active polling center. You see voters basically casting their ballots. Give you a brief look at one of the machines they're casting their ballots on. You come here with an electronic card, you stick it in, you begin the voting process. Earlier today I spoke with some people who actually cast their ballots already, actually a few people earlier today as well as last night stdebate. We want to play you some sound from those voters. Take a listen to what they had to say, wolf. 

[01:06:01]


>> I think the push for me on the early voting part is the fact that I believe in ohio. And just like any other place, but in ohio specifically every vote counts. So if you the day comes up and you can't vote, you've lost the chance to give your opinion. 
>> I voted for mitt romney. 
>> And why is that, ma'am? 
>> Because I feel like he can take this country in a different direction. And we need to go in a different direction. So I'm hoping he's successful. 
>> Reporter: Now, obvious some opinion there, some romney supporters, I spoke with one guy last night, wolf, who startling to me was a republican, did not vote for obama in 2008 but is voting for president obama this time around saying that mitt romney didn't earn his vote, wolf. 
>> Are you getting any numbers? How many people have actually voted so far? 
>> Reporter: Yeah, that's a great question. We've actually got some really fresh numbers just out today from the ohio secretary of state. Going to rattle some of these numbers off, wolf. Just over 813,000 ohioans have already cast early votes. Put that in perspective. In 2008 there were about 1.7 million total. So we're already over half that amount -- nearly halfway to that amount, I should say, still two weeks out from the election. Also for this county alone, for lucas county as I mentioned before, we have party affiliation in terms of democrat affiliated we have 23,155. And in terms of republicans affiliated we have 9,442. Again, not -- we're not saying that those democrats cast votes for obama and the republicans cast votes for romney. But it's a telling how many people have already cast absentee ballots in this county alone so far, wolf. 
>> Shannon travis on the scene for us in ohio. Thank you. 
>>> Jack cafferty is joining us right now. He's got more on last night's debate, what it all means come election day in two weeks. Jack's got the cafferty file, jack. 
>> Three presidential debates in the history books. So now what? Well, after all the hype, the expectations games played by both campaigns, lowering the bar for their guy, raising the bar for the other guy, the three 90-minute sessions themselves, the postgame spin by both sides and all the talking heads on television, after all of that, here's what we know, mitt romney did himself some good. Maybe even a lot of good. Headed into the first debate some had already written romney's political obituary. They thought the race was president obama's to lose. And that's just what he did in that first debate. He tried to throw it all away. Regardless of who wins in two weeks, one of the most memorable moments of the campaign will likely be president obama's failure to show up for the first debate. The president+s dismal unpresidential and uninterested performance combined with mitt romney's strong showing shook the race to its very core. As new jy governor chris christie predicted wisely beforehand, that first debate did in fact turn the race upside down. And ever since that moment as the polls turned against the president, he's been playing catch-up. The president came prepared for the remaining debates. He went on the offense against romney and held his own maybe even more than held his own. But these last two face-offs didn't provide a clear winner, not like the debacle in denver did. And what remains to be seen is whether the president can stop the bleeding and undo the image he left on 70 million americans who watched that first debate. We'll find out two weeks from today. Here's the question, now that the debates are history, how much did they matter? Go to cnn.Com/caffertyfile, post a comment on my blog or go to our post on "the situation room" facebook page. 

[01:09:51]


>> I think historians will write if the president does lose, that first debate will have turned out to have been the game changer in this entire contest. Before as you pointed out he looked like he was getting ready to coast to a win. But now it's nail-biting time for both of these campaigns. 
>> In the long history of presidential debates, and I can remember back to kennedy-nixon, I think that first debate in denver might go down as the single most significant presidential debate ever. A lot of times these thing come and go and don't really register on the richter scale. But that thing caused an earthquake. 
>> All right, jack. Thank you. Certainly was one of president obama's best lines of the debate last night. He may have stung mitt romney, but did he hurt himself with an important group of voters, especially in virginia? I'll ask democratic congressman chris van hollen. EvEverery y titimeme o of f daday.y. OuOutdtdoooorsrs, , oror I in.n. TrTranansisititiononss???? l lenensesess auautotomamatiticacal llly y fifiltlterer j jusustt ththe e ririghght t amamouountnt o of f lilighght.t. SoSo y youou s seeee e eveveryryththiningg ththe e waway y itit I iss memeanant t toto b be e seseenen.. MaMaybybe e evevenen a a lilittttlele b betetteter.r. l litit,, asask k fofor r TrTranansisititiononss adadapaptitiveve l lenenseses.s. was trepidation, not quite knowing what the next phase was going to be, you know, because you been, you know, this is what you had been doing. You know, working, working, working, working, working, ing. And now you're talking about, well you know, I won't be, and I get the chance to spend more time with my wife and my kids. It's my world. That's my world. ?????? ?????? way meeting... Anne's tablet called my phone. Anne's tablet was chatting with a tablet in sydney... A desktop in zurich... And a telepresence room in brazil. The secure cloud helped us get some numbers from my assistant's pc in new york. And before I reached the top, the board meeting became a congrats we sold the company party. Wait til my wife's phone hears about this. 

[01:13:07]


[ cellphone vibrating ] 
[ Female Announcer ] WITH CISCO AT THE CENTER, Working together has never worked so well. 
>>> One of the many pointed remarks in last night's presidential debate came after mitt romney said he wants to boost the size of the united states navy. President obama answered with one of his sharpest barbs. But could that end up stinging himself? Watch this. 
>> You mentioned the navy for example. And we have fewer ships than we did in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed. We have things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. So the question is not a game of battleship where we're counting ships. 
>> All right. Joining us now, democratic congressman chris van hollen of maryland, thanks for coming in. 
>> Great to be with you, wolf. 
>> Shipbuilding very, very important especially in your neighboring state. Is this kind of comment going to hurt the president in virginia? 
>> No, it's not going to hurt the president, wolf. Beuse whether you live in virginia or anywhere else in the united states, you want a military strategy that's based on the current needs and requirements that we face overseas. And the president's budget for the military is actuallyown substantially every year. It does continue to grow. It is the budget that was put together in consultation with the joint chiefs of aff. It has a very strong navy, a very strong army and are very strong air force. In fact, as the president's pointed out, our military budget is larger than the next ten countries around the world combined. So there's no question that the president's budget for defense is fit and measure to fit our strategic needs around the world. 

[01:15:34]


>> As romney repeatedly points out, he's already cut half a trillion dollars in projected growth in defense spending over the next ten years. And if the sequestration, the forced cuts go into effect, that would be another half a trillion dollars. 
>> And republicans continue to protect special interest tax breaks rather than to protect defense spending. They've been given lots of opportunities to say let's avoid that sequester, let's eliminate some special interest tax breaks, let's do some other cuts and prevent that. And the president's been very clear. The president has on the table a proposal to prevent those sequesters from taking place. Mitt romney and his allies have opposed the idea of one additional penny going to help reduce our deficit or help pay for our national defense if it means asking people like mitt romney to contribute a little bit more. 
>> To pay higher taxes? 
>> Well that's right. He has taken this pledge that says he won't raise one more penny either to reduce the deficit or to increase the funding for the defense department. 
>> Here's something the president said last night that's created a lot of buzz especially up on capitol hill where you work. Watch this. 
>> First of all, the sequester's not something I proposed, it's something congress has proposed. It will not happen. 
>> You know what ened. Did the president propose the sequester? 
>> No, what the president proposed was a balanced approach to reducing the deficit. He said let's not have these across the board cuts. We need a combination of targeted spending cuts. 
>> But when that didn't happen, who came up with the idea of the sequester? 
>> I do not know. The sequester idea is o that BEGAN IN THE 1990s. Paul ryan in his budget has had across the board sequesters if different targets did not meet. So republicans all voted for this to suggest this was somehow all the president's idea, it's nonsense. I just remember speaker boehner was quoted after we passed the deficit control act, the budget control act, saying he got 97% of what he wanted. This is the republican speaker of the house. 

[01:17:34]


>> So when the president says it will not happen, how does he know it will not happen? 
>> Because there's a bipartisan agreement and determination to avoid the sequester by coming up with alternative cuts. 
>> You just pointed out that the republicans don't want to increase taxes. That's part of the deal, right? 
>> Well, I think what the president has said was he's confident that we will find a way to replace the sequester because everybody agrees that these acts across the board indiscriminate cuts to defense and nondefense would be bad for the country. 
>> He said flatly it will not happen. I wonder how he can be so sure. It's oe thing he's confident, might not happen. But when he says it will not happen, how does he know it will not happen? A lot of people are worried about that fiscal cliff as you well know. 
>> There are two parts of the fiscal cliff. One is the sequester we're talking about and the other is the tax piece. What the president has said on that is very clear. Immediately extend tax relief 100% of the $250,000 income. Republicans have said we're going to hold middle class taxpayers hostage. We're not going to give tax relief to 98% of people unless very high incomers like mitt romney get a tax break. I don't think that's a sustainable position come JANUARY 1st. 
>> How worried are you right now about your constituents, for example, in montgomery county, maryland, some other counties in maryland? There's a lot of defense contractors, a lot of people have their jobs in defense-d industries in your district. 
>> I'm worried in defense and on defense. I know people focus on defense, that's an important part. There are al very important investments we make in trying to find cures and treatments to cancers and other diseases, the fda that provides safety for our food supply. These are orr cuts we also face. 
>> The slashing of government spending, a lot of government workers in montgomery county, maryland. 

[01:19:34]


>> That would be bad for them and country and the national economy. And that's a number of economists have made that point. 
>> You agree you've got to cut spending in order to deal with the deficit. 
>> But that's right. You can cut the spending over a more gradual period of time where it's certain that you're going to cut it but over a longer period of time. For example, I put forward a very specific plan to avoid the sequester for an entire year includes cuts to direct payments and farm subsidies but also end subsidies for big oilpanies and other revenues. The house of representatives didn't allow a vote on that very sensitive proposal. Had a mix of cuts and revenue. What the president is saying is he's confident that at the end of the day we will find a bipartisan way forward. And we should. 
>> Congressman, thanks for coming in. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> We talked about virginia just now. Our own john king is on the ground in virginia. He's talking with voters. You're going to hear his report in just a few minutes. Also, that record breaking dive from the edge of space was years in the making. But it almost didn't happen. The critical moment that almost ended it all. 
>>> The only thing I wanted to do was I want to escape. To compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, we're teaming up with companies like cisco to help make sure everyone is ready with the know-how we need for a new tomorrow. 
[ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. ?????? ?????? Alka-Seltzer truth. I have a cold, and I took nyquil, but I'm still stubbed up. 
[ Male Announcer ] TRUTH IS, Nyquil doesn't unstuff your nose. WHAT? [ Male Announcer ] IT DOESN'T HAVE A decongestant. No way. 
[ Male Announcer ] SORRY. Alka-Seltzer Plus FIGHTS YOUR WORST COLD Symptoms plus has a fast-acting decongestant to relieve your stuffy nose. THANKS. [ Male Announcer ] YOU'RE WELCOME. That's the cold truth! 

[01:21:43]


[ Male Announcer ] Alka-Seltzer Plus. ?????? Oh what a relief it is! ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] TRY NEW Alka-Seltzer Plus Severe Allergy To treat allergy symptoms plus sinus congestion and pain. ] steve. He loves risk. But whether he's climbing everest, scuba diving the great barrier reef with sharks, or jumping into the market, he goes with people he trusts, which is why he trades with a company that doesn't nickel and dime him with hidden fees. So he can worry about other things, like what the market is doing and being ready, no matter what happens, which isn't rocket science. It's just common sense, from td ameritrade. 

[01:24:01]


>>> Just hours after the presidential debate on foreign policy ended, bombs exploded in iraq's capital. Kate is back. She's monitoring that, some of the other top stories in "the situation room" right now. What happened, kate? 
>> Hey, wolf. A series of attacksn shiite neighborhoods in baghdad have killed at least nine people and wounded dozens more. A policeman patrolling one area said three car bombs exploded, one right after another. The violence comes just days before the start of a religious festival. Militant attacks doubled last month to the highest level in more than two years. Also, a former cia officer accused of leaking classified information has reached a deal with prosecutors. He pleaded guilty to intentionally identifying a covert agent. He also admitted to telling reporters the name of a different cia employee involved n operation to catch an alleged al qaeda operative. He's expected to spend two and a half years in prison. And cnn has learned in just the last few hours that congressman jesse jackson jr. Is back in the hospital. The mayo clinic says he returned for a follow-up to make sure he's on the path to managing his health. The nine-term illinois democrat is battling with depression. He's running for re-election this november. A growing number of americans are delaying retirement. Listen to this, and planning to WORK INTO THEIR 80s. For many of them it's because they can't afford to retire full-time. A new survey by wells fargo shows saving for retirement is on the back burner with more than half of middle class americans focused more on paying monthly bills. 30% now plan to work until they are 80 or ol up from 25% a year ago. Reminded me of that line you always tell me, work when your young and harder when you're older. Isn't that what you said? 
>> Rich or poor, it's good to have money. 
>> Exactly. Very smart man your father was. 
>> Thank you. 
>>> President obama turned a red state blue back in 2008. Does he still have a chance in virginia this time around? That can only come from having someone else pay your mortgage for an entire year... This is what you'll experience if you win THE Quicken Loans Skip-A-Year Mortgage Sweepstakes. Up to five winners will get to skip a year of mortkage payments... COURTESY OF Quicken Loans. Enter often at skipayear.Com for more chances to experience...This... THE Skip-A-Year Mortgage Sweepstakes. ONE MORE WAY Quicken Loans IS ENGINEERED To amaze! ??????... ??????... ??????... Choose the perfect hotel without bidding. 

[01:29:06]


>>> Virginia certainly hotly contested battleground state. Its 13 electoral votes went to president obama back in 2008. But recent polls show the race in virginia is a virtual tie. Virginia remains a toss-up yellow on cnn's electoral map. Our chief national correspondent john king is in virginia right now. He's joining us. What's going on in virginia right now? Because with ohio and florida, that could determine who the next president of the united states will be. 
>> Reporter: It absolutely could, wolf. Thirteen electoral votes, I'm in a county only half hour drive from washington asing you don't hit heavy traffic. Remember in 2008 president obama turned this state blue. He won by about 235,000 votes statewide, 234,000 plus of them came from the northern virginia counties. So turnout turnout, turnout is the big focus here as the president tries to match that 2008 level. He needs african-american votes in richmond, in the chesapeake tidewater area, but a big turnout also needed in the suburbanites. It's a big shift in the ansplant of this state. A lot of college educated people, president tends to do well, a lot of people who work for the government or contractors related to the government work. The president is hoping he can gin up the turnout here and democrats skeptical from the 2008. The poll showed the president with a lead of four, five, some of the polls six or seven or eight points. Now everyone concedes it's a dead heat and the romney campaign believes momentum has swung their way and this state will return to its republican dna. Governor romney very much needs it. He needs florida, north carolina, virginia. Then he moves into ohio and would need one more. If he could do all that, the president they insist they haven't given up on the state of virginia. If they can't get a wisconsin, they could use virginia in the president's column. This one so close to the nation's capitol will be a battleground until the very end. 

[01:31:10]


>> Defense spending, especially naval defense spending is critical in various parts of virginia. Northern virginia, southern virginia, norfolk, the world's largest naval port. How big of an issue is the difference on this specific issue between romney and the president? 
>> Reporter: Well, you remember the line that trended most on social media last night was when the president scornfully, some say sarcastly, some say even in a condescending way turned it governor romney in the fight over defense spending when romney was saying we need more naval ships and the president said we don't have as many bayonets or horses as we used to either, governor. A lot of people think that will play big. When governor romney returns in a few days, it will be near the naval installations. I asked representative conley if that would hurt and the romney campaign says to watch for that to pop up. Jeconley understands the technical is important ashe ships you have in the navy. But the president might have thought it was a clever line, but they're not so sure that it might not in the end help governor romney in a state where everybody thinks it will be razor close. 
>> Lots of jobs involved in the state of virginia. Thanks very much, john. 
>>> Let's get to our strategy session right now. Joining us cnn contributors democratic strategist donna brazile and erick, erickson, editor and chief of redstate,.Com. Donna, I had this exchange with our friend and colleague paul begala yesterday. The president's campaign announced he's going to begin a six-state campaign tour over the next couple days after the debate. Iowa, colorado, nevada, florida, virginia, ohio. Has he given up on north carolina? 
>> Yes. I'm not suppose today say that, wolf. But as you mention, I work for the pro-obama super pac. So I'm being paid to help re-elect the president, but if you look at where he's going and spending money, yes, it looks like governor romney is likely to carry north carolina. 

[01:33:18]


>> All right. Donna, I don't think the president has been back to north carolina since the democratic convention in charlotte. You agree with paul? 
>> First of all, I have to go with what jim, the campaign manager and david axelrod is they have not pulled any staff, they have not pulled any of the television advertisements. So north carolina's still in play. As you know, voters are now able to cast their ballots early. That's the way the democrats won four years ago. So I assume until I hear differently that north carolina is still one of those swing states that they intend to compete in. 
>> But don't actions speak louder than words, donna? The president's missing in action from north carolina right now. So no matter what the campaign says, if he's not going there, if they're not showing up to campaign, what does that say to you? 
>> There are many ways to have feet on the ground other than have the president's. It might be other footprints, i haven't looked at their schedule lately, wolf, because I've been traveling myself. I go by what the campaign's saying. Every week we're going to hear stories about romney pulling out ofennsylvania, obama pulling out of north carolina. I assume they'll do a lot of head faking. I know what it's like to pull out staff. I know what it's like to turn off the lights in a state and tell the politicians that we're leaving the state. I haven't seen any evidence that the politicians -- cause the first thing they will do is complain that you have pulled out without leaving them with resources like staff and money and television ads. So, again, I just think this is just part of what we do in the polling game until election day. We figure out what these candidates are doing. 
>> Erick, what about pennsylvania or michigan for that matter? For all practical purposes, has romney given up on those two states? 
>> Well, you know, this is the thing with what donna was saying about north carolina. The president to some degree has a bit of hue brous here. It's abundantly clear on the ground democratic and republican partisans are rumbling about it, but they don't want to do that because it would become a huge news story in the last two weeks that the president is starting to concede states he doesn't want to concede. I expect we'll hear that very soon about florida. Even nate silver saying they need to reinvest in ohio. I think the romney campaign we're seeing them in michigan pretty much say we're not going to win michigan maybe in the last week I think peter hamby reported if they have money left they'll do it. I don'ink they're actually targeting pennsylvania so much as they're trying to help the senate seat there. Suddenly barack obama doesn't have the coat tails to do it with his senate candidates. Romney's doing on the western side of the state, those media markets go into ohio, it is interesting to see them start going into wisconsin still which I think probably goes to the president, leans to the president, but they're trying to make those inroads. What I find fascinating is it looks like the battleground for the president is beginning to shrink as it's beginning to grow for mitt romney, which isn't a good sign for an incumbent president. 

[01:36:22]


>> Hold on -- 
>> it's not shrinking. 
>> Hold on, donna, I want to continue this conversation with both of you. We have to make a quick break. When we come back we'll also talk about campaign ads. Both of these campaigns are out with new ads asking voters to choose what they call the right path. But which path is the right path? We're going to explore that with donna and erick when we come back. is we... perform, compete and grow. And people are driving this change. That's the power of human resources. The Society... for Human Resource Management and its members know... how to harness that power, because we help develop it. From the next economy, to the next generation, we help get... the most out of business, by getting the best out of people. SHRM. Leading people, leading organizations. ] health role throughout our lives. One a day women's 50+ is a complete multivitamin designed for women's health concerns as we age. It has more of 7 antioxidants to support cell health. One a day 50+. bp gulf. Bp has paid over twenty-three billion dollars to help those affected and to cover cleanup costs. Today, the beaches and gulf are open, and many areas are reporting their best tourism seasons in years. And bp's also committed to america. We support nearly 250,000 jobs and invest more here than anywhere else. We're working to fuel america for generations to come. Our commitment has never been stronger. 

[01:40:13]


>>> We're back with our cnn contributors, democratic strategist donna brazile and erick erickson, editor and chief of redstate.Com. Both of the campaigns came out with sort of closing arguments, new ads. I'm goingo play you some little clips. Watch this. 
>> Boosting american-made energy, reducing the deficits responsibly by cutting where we can and asking the wealthy to pay a little more. And ending the war in afghanistan so we can do some nation building here at home. That's the right path. 
>> There are two very different paths the country can take. One is a path represented by the president which at the end of four years means we would have $20 trillion in debt heading towards greece. I'll get us on track to a balanced budget. 
>> Let's start with you, donna. What do you think of those two closing arguments? 
>> Well, I think they really capture what is the choice this fall. And that is, do we continue on a track that is led to 32 consecutive months of job growth, not as much as anyone would like, but it's job growth, job creation. If the republicans would simply get out of the way with all the whining and complaining, we could do more. Versus going back making that u-turn back to the policies that got us in this fiscal mess. And once again as we saw last night in the debate, governor romney's plan simply doesn't add up. He keeps putting together more ideas, more plansthinking if he take a little bit of this out and put a little more of that, it will somehow or another add up. And it simply doesn't add up to a balanced approach, nor a balanced budget in the future. 
>> What do you think of those closing arguments, erick? 
>> You know, they sound somewhat similar. I would admit that although i think that the obama campaign is going to have a very hard time doing now what donna suggested over these last three debates as so many americans have seen them trying to paint mitt romney as the second coming of george w. Bush, all the pulling out and even the polls that show obama slightly ahead even show fresh look at mitt romney for all the conservative critics of romney including myself thought he should have spent money early, i think we've been proven wrong. They've held their money well and they have a chance to redefine romney and the president's team will have a hard time putting him back in the box they tried to paint him in. 

[01:42:31]


>> How worried are you right now, donna? I've spoken to a lot of democrats over the past few days includg today, they're pretty worried. 
>> Worried about what, wolf? Look, wolf, I've managed a campaign, seven presidential campaigns. I know conventional wisdom and the polls and media will try to replay it and try to analyze it. You know, if you're a campaign manager, you tell your staff to focus, focus, focus on the goal. 12 years ago when I was running al gore's campaign everybody kept telling us to throw in the towel. This is george w. Bush. This race is very, very close. It's going to be tight. The obama campaign knew this from day one. That's why they have a good ground game as well as a good air game, whatever you want to call it, tv wars, but at the end of the day it's going to be close. I do believe president obama will eke out another strong victory. 
>> What do you think, erick? Who's going to win this race? 
>> You know, four years ago as republicans were melting down in the last couple weeks, they were claiming great conspiracy theories, hugo chavez controlling electronic voting and two months ago republicans saying the polls were rigged and now the democrats claiming tag romney invested in electronic voting and democrats claiming polls are skewed. This looks like where the republicans were two months ago when the republicans were losing. That's not a good sign for the obama campaign. 
>> Donna brazile -- 
>> we're in good shape. 
>> What, donna? 
>> We're in good shape. We're going to get our vote out. We're going to win. We're doing pretty good. 
>> I hope so for us. 
>> One thing about mocrats, we tend to come to the party late. When we come, we come strong and stay all night long. 
>> And vote for mitt romney. 
>> Two weeks to go. 
>>> Tropical storm sandy, by the way, is gathering strength right now in the caribbean as jamaica braces for a direct hit, should you be worried about a hurricane on halloween? It's hard to see opportunity in today's challenging environment. Unless you have the right perspective. BNY Mellon Wealth Management has the vision and experience to look beyond the obvious. We'll uncover opportunities, find hidden risk, and make success a reality. BNY Mellon Wealth Management development risk, but proven technologies allow natural gas producers to supply affordable, cleaner energy, while protecting our environment. Across america, these technologies protect air - by monitoring air quality and reducing emissions... ...Protect water - through conservation and self-contained recycling systems... ... And protect land - by reducing our footprint and respecting wildlife. America's natural gas... Domestic, abundant, clean energy to power our lives... That's smarter power today. Tt5dmv..S4B#????X##???@ C), 

[01:47:51]


>>> Tropical storm sandy is churning through the caribbean heading straight for jamaica and haiti. It's expected to grow stronger, but could it become a halloween hurricane for parts of the united states? Let's go right to ourcnn meteorologist and severe weather expert chad myers. A lot of people forget we're still in hurricane season, chad, right now. What's the latest? 
>> I know. You don't even get out of hurricane season until the end of november. It's when the water gets so cold that it can't support a hurricane. Well, sandy is getting bigger. Sandy is south of jamaica. I know this is zoomed in. There's jamaica. Here's haiti and the dominican republic. There's sandy in the warmest water of the caribbean. It's gaining strength and getting biggerecause the water is certainly warm enou. Where does it go from here? Straight over jamaica as a hurricane. Hurricane warnings are in effect for jamaica. And then into the bahamas. So really if you're on vacation to jamaica or maybe on a short cruise to the bahamas, this will effect your vacation, no question about it. Now, the u.S. At least for now, wolf, is not in the cone. Here to here the u.S. Right through here. So I just want you to know though, the u.S. Is not that far out of the cone as a 60 or 70-mile-per-hour storm. Here's the rub. We talk about the computer models. I'm drawing two separate models. It's going to be hard to tell the difference right now, but there's a yellow and a white one. The white and yellow hang together. They are right over the bahamas in about 72 hours. They are very much in agreement. So we know the bahamas will get it. We know cuba will get it and jamaica eventually. The two low pressure systems, one goes to the left, one goes to new york city. But all the others go out to the atlantic. That's we're concerned about. If it does turn left and go to new england or new york, it will be seven days away. New york, you are not in the cone, but you're not quite out of everything yet. When the computers all decide that it's going that way, we'll be in good shape. If they all decide something else, we'll keep you advised. 

[01:49:55]


>> I know you'll be watching sandy every step of the way, chad. Thank you. 
>>> Let's check in with jack once again for the cafferty file. Jack? 
>> It was a year ago we got that freak snowstorm in october up here in the northeast and knocked a bunch of trees down. It was awful. We had a lot of snow and people didn't have power for several days in some of these areas. So let's hope that doesn't happen. The question this hour is, now that the debates are history, how much did they matter? David in florida says, they matter little. The only difference is that obama didn't bother to show up for the first dog and pony show and that permanently set him behind. I took it as an insult to those of us who support him. And helen writes, "the first debate's impact was huge. We'll all be talking for years about how to win or lose an election by one debate performance." And for folks who have been paying attention through the primaries, debates matter little. But for those who have just recently tuned into the election, the debates may help them to make their decision. Dee in new york city writes, "i think they did matter and the first debate turned tide. Romney got to prove he's not some sort of cold, out of touch monster. Obama getting more desperate with each passing week has shown what an angry, petty street fighter he is. Romney came across as reasonable, smart, able to cross the aisle, capable, and presidential." Annie in atlanta says, "honestly, jack, the debates don't mean a thing to me personally, but then I paid attention to what these guys said from the first day they've thrown their hat in the ring. It's a shame we have so much information available, and yet so few of us even bother to read through it." And ken in seattle writes, "some of my favorite tv programs were not on and that was a bummer in terms of the election, they provided nothing of value." If you want to read more about this, go to the blog, cnn.Com/cafferty file or through our post on "the situation room's" facebook page. "The situation room" is one of ken's favorite tv show. We were on, as you know, jack. 

[01:51:59]


>> It is good that he watches us. My guess is that he's probably more of a cable channel kind of guy. 
>>> Millions of people watched the daredevil r. He tells cnn about a crucial moment that almost ended the entire mission. believe broader mix of energies. That's why we're supplying natural gas to generate cleaner electricity... That has around 50% fewer co2 emissions than coal. And it's also why, with our partner in brazil, shell is producing ethanol 
- a biofuel made from renewable sugarcane. >>A minute, mom! Let's broaden the world's energy mix. Let's go. year. In that time there've been some good days. And some difficult ones. But, through it all, we've persevered, supporting some of the biggest ideas in modern history. So why should our anniversary matter to you? Because for 200 years, we've been helping ideas move from ambition to achievement. And the next great idea could be yours. ?????? ?????? the pain with odor free aspercreme. Powerful medicine relieves pain fast, with no odor. So all you notice is relief. Aspercreme. 

[01:55:35]


>>> He floated up 24 miles to the edge of space, and then jumped but felix baumgar's daredevil mission almost didn't happen because of a phobi he sat down with cnn's brian todd to describe his record-setting fall to earth. 
>> Reporter: A stunning stratosphere jump. Setting records for height, halving the speed of sound, a jump that almost didn't happen. 
>> I want you to tell me about the low point, in the last five years. I read thatn 2010, you were supposed to do a test in the high pressure suit, and something happened and you left the mission. 
>> That was the low point. Because I always could feel that I'm having a problem in that pressure suit. But I could not address the problem, because it really was -- they fought felix can do it. And I always thought, okay, maybe one day I just put this pressure suit on and it's not a problem anymore. But I was wrong. I knew I have to maintain five hours in that suit, and i couldn't sleep that night before, because I knew I'm not going to perform well tomorrow. 
>> Was that when you first realized you were claustrophobic? 
>> I already knew that I'm kind of claustrophobic, but I was always playing it down. I never addressed that problem, because if I tell the guys, i cannot maintain that suit for five hours, it's over. If you do not find resolution, it's over. And I thought, hey, maybe it's getting better, every time I get into the suit, it's getting better, but it's getting worse. I always had to fight my way through that. I wanted to do it. They had moved the capsule. Everybody was there. And soy went to the airport, l.A.X., And I called our project leader and told him, hey, I'm out of here. I have to go back to austria. I can't do it. 

[01:57:38]


>> Did you feel at that point that the mission was over? 
>> Yeah. I was crying like a baby at the airport. And I thought over. 
>> Reporter: But in europe, baumgartner worked with a psychologist and a performance coach and overcame his claurs nobody phobia and built back toward the big moment. What is your feeling at that point? You're on the ledge, you can't get back in the capsule. What's going through your mind? 
>> I like that part of the jump, because it means you're already outside, everything worked well, and if you have a problem, you know, probably jumping off is the fastest and safest way, because now you're falling towards a much healthier environment. You're falling towards more pressure, towards more oxygen, and if you need medical treatment, this is the fastest way down. So to me, this is an easy step. 
>> At this point, you had us all very scared. Did you feel like you were going to die at that point? 
>> No, no, no. I never had that impression, that I'm goi die. I always had the impression, if this goes on forever, I'm not going to break the speed of sound. 
>> How did you bring yourself out of that spin? 
>> I was only trying to figure out how to stop it. So you use your legs and arms, but you have to be very gentle, if you're traveling that fast, you cannot stick your arm out like this, because then that would create a rapid onset and you cannot stop it anymore. You slowly put out your arms and legs and see what can help and i did it a couple times and find out what was getting worse, what was getting better. 
>> Reporter: Baumgartner says he cried twice on the helicopter ride back to mission control and then celebrated all night. 
>> How has your life changed since the moment you landed? 
>> As a person, it did not change. I'm still the same guy. But as soon as you start traveling, as soon as you get on a plane, as soon as you're at the airport, out on the street, people do recognize my face. Hey, thank you guys. 

[01:59:43]


>> I was scared. 
>> You were scared? 
>> I was a little bit scared. 
>> You did it for all of us. 
>> We appreciate it. 
>> You gave us all a huge charge that day. 
>> Appreciate . 
>> By the wabaumgartner says he's done jumpingnd he's working on his commercial helipter pilot's license. 
>>> Happening now, two weeks until election day, the presidential candidates charge into battleground states to try to change minds and win ves. New questions about the final obama/romney debate. Did they sendamerica's most dangerous adversaries mixed messages? 
>>> And cnn takes the election express on the road, to find out what swing state voters are really thinking right now. I'm wolf blitzer. You're in "the situation room." 14 days and millions of votes on the line. President obama, and former governor romney, they are beginning the final leg of their election marathon. Our correspondents are out in full force, covering the candidates, talking to voters in the key battleground states that will decide this election. First this hour, we're taking you to ohio, one of the most crucial swing states, 18 electoral votes at stake. It went for president obama four years ago. But right now, our poll of polls shows he's neck and neck with romney in ohio. That's why it's one of the yellow toss-up states on cnn's electoral map. The president wrapped up a rally in dayton, ohio, just a little while ago, along with the vice president, joe biden, and a glossy new blueprint for a second term. Our chief white house correspondent, jessica yellin, is in dayton with the latest. Jessica? 
>> Reporter: Hi, wolf. Just a month ago, president obama had a healthy lead here in ohio, but now you can tell both from his tone and his schedule, he knows this is now a fight to the finish. On the trail, no sign president obama plans to tone down the sarcasm he unleashed at the last debate. 

[02:01:47]


>> If you talk about how much you love teachers during a debate, but just a few weeks ago, you said we shouldn't hire any more because it won't grow our economy, you might have romnesia. 
>> Reporter: If anything, he has sharpened his bite. 
>> We had a severe outbreak last night. It was at least, at least phase three romnesia. 
>> Reporter: But the focus is shifting. Now a closing argument. 
>> There's no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trust. Trust matters. You know, you want to know that the person who's applying to be your president and commander in chief is trustworthy. 
>> Reporter: And part of that argument, this booklet summarizing the president's accomplishments and second term goals. And a new ad on the same. The president taking the message on a three-day swing through six battleground states. 
>> We believe that anytime the president can be with voters and make the case in those states, we're gaining. And we want to touch as many people as we can in the next two weeks. And make that case. 
>> Reporter: Target audience -- 
>> it's about getting out early votes. It's also about talking to undecided voters in all these states. 
>> Reporter: The president is trying to close the deal. 
>> I'm asking for your vote! I'm asking you to help me finish the job. 
>> Now with sarcasm thrown in. 
>> Governor romney didn't even mention our veterans last night. Don't boo, vote. 
>> Reporter: You see, wolf, he has a bit of a two-pronged message there. It's the more neutral/positive message that seems to be directed to the undecided voters. That's why he's rolled out this plan, saying he has a detailed vision for a second term, though we've already heard the details in it, and then more of that sarcastic tone, which seems driven and directed to the base voters, who he wants to energize to get out and vote either early or on election day, wolf. 

[02:03:50]


>> Now, he's only spending time in the key battleground states, but he is making a side trip to california, which is obviously going to go for him. Is he only going to do the jay leno show? Is that why he's going to california? 
>> Reporter: That's what he's doing. He's doing a swing through california to appear on late-night tv with jay leno, and then he's hitting those battleground states, nevada, colorado, virginia, florida, ohio. He's going to ohio twice. And what did I leave out? Colorado, nevada, virginia? I don't know. There's one -- did I miss? I don't know. 
>> We'll figure it out. 
>> Reporter: We'll let you know later if I skipped one. But he's not taking anything off the table. 
>> He's certainly not. Maybe north carolina. A lot of speculation about that. 
>> Reporter: Yeah, no visit there right now. 
>> Thanks very much, jessica, for that. Mitt romney is getting ready for a rally in nevada. Kate, you're getting ready for that rally right now as well. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> To report on it. 
>> I wish I was in nevada. Nevada with its six electoral votes is another state that president obama won four years ago, but it's up for grabs now. The latest polling shows the president just two points ahead of romney in nevada, making it another toss-up state on our electoral map. Romney appeared in nevada with his running mate, paul ryan. Jim acosta is in henderson, nevada. Jim, you have been doing a lot of traveling. What's the latest now? 
>> Reporter: That's right. That's right, kate. And I can tell you that mitt romney and paul ryan just wrapped up a campaign event, a joint campaign event here in henderson, nevada, just outside of las vegas, within the last hour. They are on their way to another battleground state, the state of colorado, for an event later on this evening. But after talking to the romney campaign earlier this afternoon, I can tell you they do believe that mitt romney achieved his objectives in these presidential debates. That he came across, in their mind, as an acceptable commander in chief to the american people, and that he also in this last debate did not take the wait from the president and respond to each and every one of his attacks. They believe that tactic worked as well. But now the debates are over and the real race is on. Bang, the final presidential debate was the starting pistol for a two-week sprint to the finish line. 

[02:06:09]


>> Hello, florida! 
>> Reporter: As president obama fought to hold on to florida, mitt romney tried his luck in nevada, arguing he's got the big mo. 
>> And these debates have super charged our campaign. There's no question about it. We're seeing more and more enthusiasm, more and more support. His is a message of going forward with the same policies of the last four years. And that's why his campaign is slipping and that's why ours is gaining so much steam. 
>> And by the way, the math in my plan adds up. 
>> Reporter: After the president unveiled a pamphlet advising his plan for the second term, romney's campaign was trying to read between the lines. 
>> I would say that it's a glossy panic button. 
>> Reporter: The romney campaign has already turned the gop's debate headed toward the economy. 
>> Governor romney, wrong and reckless policies? 
>> I've got a policy for the future, an agenda for the future. 
>> Reporter: Into a new ad. 
>> I'll get us on track to balanced budget. 
>> Reporter: A trio of key debate flashpoints laid down the battle lines for three crucial swing states. For jewish voters in florida, romney's attack on mr. Obama's decision not to visit israel during his first foreign trip as president. 
>> You went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and to saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq. And by the way, you skipped isra. 
>> If we're going to talk about trips that we've taken -- 
>> Reporter: For factory workers in ohio, the flare-up over romney's opposition over the out bail out. 
>> They would have gone through a liquidation -- 
>> you're wrong. 
>> I'm n wrong. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> Reporter: And for romney's charge about virginia that the size of the navy is at 1917 levels. 
>> Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets, because nature of our military has changed. 
>> Reporter: It was hardly a direct hit for either candidate, as it turns out every marine still undergoes bayonet training. And the fact checking watchdog politifact labeled romney's navy comment as pants on fire. And that comment about romz theseya, a seni romney adviser had a response for that early this afternoon, accusing the president of trying to play scrabble with mitt romney's name. But really, wolf, at this point, and kate, at this point, it is a game of rubics cube. Both of these campaigns are furiously trying to line up the states that they need, to eke out a victory. And kate, by the looks of it, this is going to be a very,ery close race and I think both campaigns know it. 

[02:08:53]


>> I think you're absolutely right. Jim acosta in henderson, nevada, a very key state. We'll be watching closely come election day. Jim, thanks so much. Third debate's over. Now it's time for closing arguments. . 
>> Two weeks. Final two weeks. Can you believe it? 
>> I can't believe it. It feels like we've been covering it for five years now. 
>>> The presidential candidates didn't limit themselves to foreign policy in their final debate. One reason, they want to appeal to women voters. We're going to break down their answers. Gloria borger is standing by live. Everyone in the nicu, all the nurses wanted to watch him when he was there 118 days. Everything that you thought was important to you changes in light of having a child that needs you every moment. I wouldn't trade him for the world. Who matters most to you says the most about you. MassMutual IS OWNED By our policyholders so they matter most to us. If you're caring for a child with special needs, our innovative special care program offers strategies that can help. ] than lobster. You can mix and match all day! 
[ Male Announcer ] DON'T MISS Red lobster's endless shrimp, just $14.99! Try as much as you like, any way you like! Like parmesan crusted shrimp. Hurry in, offer ends soon! I'm ryan isabell and I see food differently. ] humans -- sometimes life trips us up. And sometimes, we trip ourselves up, but that's okay. At liberty mutual insurance we can "untrip" you as you go through your life with personalized policies and discounts when you need them most. Just call... And speak with a licensed representative about saving on your policy when you get married, move into a new house... 

[02:11:53]


[Crash!] Or add a car to your policy. Don't forget to ask about saving up to 10% when you combine your auto and home insurance with liberty mutual. Security, coverage, and savings. All the things humans need to make our beautifully imperfect world a little less imperfect. Call... And lock in your rate for 12 months. Liberty mutual insurance. Responsibility. What'syour policy? 
>>> In the final presidential debate of 2012, the candidates seemed to tailor their answers, at times, to try to appeal to women voters. 
>> And here are some examples from their discussion last night. 
>> In order for us to be competitive, we're going to have to make some smart choices right now. Cutting our education budget, that's not a smart choice. 
>> We can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> But what I think the american people recognize is, after a decade of war, it's time to do some nation building here at home. 
>> America is going to come back. And for that to happen, we're going to have to have a president who can work across the aisle. 
>> Let's bring in our chief political analyst, gloria borger. Gloria, when you hear those lines, what were they both trying to accomplish with that? How does that appeal to women voters? 
>> Well, talking about things like education, talking about things like bipartisanship, not sounding bellicose, like you want to start another war in iran, for example, something that mitt romney had to be very, very careful about. All of those things appeal to women voters, because what women voters are looking for is someone who makes them comfortable. Like old voters, women want a candidate they can trust, and that's what each of these candidates were trying to do. 
>> Women voter in higher percentages. There are more women voters than men voters, so how are they trying to focus their drive to win over these women voters in these final two weeks? 
>> First, let's take a look at where the numbers are. And I have to tell you that i have been having some very hot and heavy e-mail exchanges with senior advisers of both campaigns. Because, you know, while the obama campaign will say, we do well with women, the romney caaign says, we do well with men. So let's take a look at this. And they're both right. So when you ask the question, nbc/"wall street journal" poll, who will you vote for for president? You will see there that the president is up eight points with women, but mitt romney is up ten points with men. So what's the gender gap? Is there a gender gap with women or with men? So if you look back to recent history, the biggest gender gap was when al gore won women by 11 points, but george w. Bush won men by nine points. And you know how close that election was in 2000. And we may be in a very similar situation here, which is why you see these campaigns pushing so hard on women, because the romney campaign doesn't have to outdo president obama with women. They just need to get their numbers up a little bit and keep their numbers with men as high as they are. 

[02:15:08]


>> Now that the debates are over and we're into this final stretch, do you think it's now more a campaign for undecided voters that we've talked about so much, or more about voter turnout? 
>> I think there are about six undecided voters left in the entire country. Honestly. What it is, in talking to a republican pollster today, he said he preferred to describe it as fluctuating voters. Voters who go back a forth, who sometimes have been for the president, maybe they were disaffected obama voters, sometimes for the president, took another look at mitt romney in that first debate, which was very important for mitt romney. Said, you know what, maybe he's an acceptable alternative, and then maybe seeing the debate last night, seeing that the president won that on point, maybe they're going to go back. So it's about that and it's about intensity now and getting the people you have identified as your voters, to get out there, to the polls. So it's trying to get those fluctuating voters, but get your voters out. 
>> Michelle obama and ann romney, those would be -- they would be terrific secret weapons -- not so secret -- in these final two weeks. 
>> And they're out there talking to women. I mean, you remember ann romney at the convention. "We love you, women," she said. Well, you can't be anymore obvious than that. She's out there talking to women, so is michelle obama. Not only trying to humanize their husbands, but to say, our husbands care about issues like education, they're bipartisan, they don't want to go to war. So, you know, both of them are very important to the campaign. 
>> Understatement of the year, every vote is going to count this election. That is for sure. 
>> That's right. 
>> All right, gloria, thank you so much. 
>>> Still ahead, the cnn express is on the road. It's hitting the road, making stops in florida so we can hear directly from voters in that critical swing state. Our ali velshi is on board and he'll be with us, next. phone amazing. I'm watching natalie's ballet recital and I'm pulling photos right from the video. Great idea, we can pick one and frame it! Here, watch this. She nails almost every move. Our old camera could never do this. She's so good at ballet. I think she's the best in the class. Where is she by the way? In time out. Oh. And that one! 

[02:17:35]


[ Male Announcer ] TAKE A PHOTO STRAIGHT From video and never miss a moment. The htc one x from at&t now $99.99. At&t. Rethink possible. 

[02:20:41]


>>> The slaughter continuing. Dozens of people allegedly killed,mply seeking food in syria. Kate's got that and some of the other day's top stories. What a story it is. 
>> And as always, we want to give fair warning. This video is graphic and disturbing, but it underscores the brutality of the civil war in syria. This is a bakery in the city of aleppo. It was attacked while full of hungry people trying to buy bread and dozens were killed. The rebels accuse the regime terrorizing attacks. Cnn cannot verify the authenticity of this video. Also in italy, senior members of a disaster coalition have resigned following six-year sentences in connection with a 2009 earthquake. The scientists were convicted of manslaughter for failing to warn of a major earthquake that killed hundreds of people back in 2009. As I said, the commission members who stepped down say the convictions make it impossible to continue their work. 
>>> And the food and drug administration is investigating five deaths linked to highly caffeinated monster energy drinks. I'm sure you've seen them at the store. The failing of a maryland teenager who died after drinking two of them in two days is suing the company. The girl had a mild underlying heart condition the family says was aggravated by the drinks. Here's our senior medical correspondent elizabeth cohen with more. 
>> If you look at the two cans, the two 24-ounce cans that miss fournier drank one day apart, that's as much caffeine as in 14 cokes or in 13 pepsis. And this part is really important to remember. There are other stimulants in these energy drinks as well. So it's not just the caffeine, you have all sorts of other things that would be stimulating and possibly harmful to a heart, especially if that heart is not already working as it should be. According to the food and drug administration, there have been five deaths of people who drank these monster drinks. And one person had a heart attack and didn't die. Now, what's interesting is that the fda never made that information public. It's only come out as part of this lawsuit. So we asked the fda, why didn't you tell people about this? And they said because there is no established link between the drinks and the deaths. It may just be a total coincidence, and that's why they didn't reach out to the public. 

[02:23:02]


>> The company says it doesn't believe its drinks are tied in any way to the five deaths, but news has pushed monster stock down 10% today. 
>>> And finally, the folks at apple unveiled some new gadgets today. Leading the way is a smaller, thinner tablet named the ipad mini. It's designed to compete with the new $199 tablet from amazon and google, but the least expensive version of the ipad mini will sell for $329. Apple also announced a slightly updated version of the traditional ipad. And you can add both of those gadgets to my growing holiday list that you can buy for me. 
>> You've got a lot of those already. 
>> But they're outdated. 
>> I saw, you got one of those old school, like me, blackberries. 
>> You are holding oen to that blackberry. 
>> Rimm, the future of the smartphone. 
>> I think they would love to hear you say that. 
>> Well, I just said it. Thank you. 
>>> We're going to hear from some women voters, more women voters who know about tough races, hard knocks. How the presidential candidates can win them over.D on the side of a cliff is the guoliang tunnel. What?! You've got to be kidding me. 
[ Derek ] I'VE NEVER SEEN A ROAD LIKE THIS. There's jagged rock all the way around. This is really gonna test the ats on all levels. 
[ Derek ] THIS ROAD IS THE MOST UNEVEN SURFACE, And it gets very narrow. Magnetic ride control is going to be working hard. The shock absorbers react to the road 1,000 times a second. It keeps you firmly in control. Whoa! 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ALL-NEW CADILLAC ATS. light. Outdoors, or in. Transitions???? lenses automatically filter just the right amount of light. So you see everything the way it's meant to be seen. Maybe even a little better. VSP members can save on all authentic Transitions lenses, including our new Transitions Vantage and Transitions XTRActive lenses. Experienc?? life well lit. Ask which Transitions adaptive lens is best for you. Jack, boring. Bori. Boring. 

[02:26:03]


[ Jack ] AFTER LAUREN BROKE UP WITH ME, I went to the citi private pass page and decided to be...Not boring. That's how I met marilyn... Giada... Really good. Yes! 
[ Jack ] ...AND ALICIA. ?????? This girl is on fire ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] USE ANY CITI???? CARD To get the benefits of private pass. More concerts. More events. More experiences. 
[ Jack ] HEY, WHO'S BORING NOW? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET MORE ACCESS WITH A Citi card. 
[ crowd cheering, mouse clicks ] Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! Oh...there you g Wooohooo....Hahaahahaha! I'm gonna stand up to her! No you're not. I know. You know Ronny folks who save hundreds of dollars switching to GEICO sure are happy. How happy are they Jimmy? Happier than a witch in a broom factory. Get happy. Get GEICO. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more. 
>>> All of us who lived through the 2000 presidential recount knows about the state's importance. 
>> Our latest poll shows romney holding a one-point edge of obama in florida, another toss-up state on our electoral maps. Cnn's ali velshi is in lakeland, florida, with the cnn election express. Taking a round the country tour, ali. Do voters in florida realize how much their vote could matter? 
>> Reporter: Yeah, kate. We've actually spoken to a number of them over the course of the last couple of days. They really do get it. 29 electoral college votes, like you said. 19 million people in florida. 4.2 million people are over the age of 60. So that's the largest over 60 population in the united states. They have particular concerns, not only about medicare and health care, about social security, but about investments. How the markets are doing and how they will do. They are skewing a little bit toward mitt romney, the younger voters in this state skewing towards barack obama. What do you do when the race is this tight? You do two things. One is you concentrate on your ground operation. Who can you get out? Believe it or not, I've run into a few people who are not counting on voting. That's kind of interesting. If you are inclined to vote but you're not 100% sure, the obama campaign is working really hard to make sure that they capitalize on their ground operation, a particularly large, growing hispanic community in the neighboring area in orlando. The other thing you have to do is you've got to hit these voters with what they want to do. If you're undecided at this point, you need something other than soaring rhetoric. We talked to one whom who said she's kind of disappointed with everything she heard in the debates and in the ads. She wants frankness. Listen to what she told me. 

[02:28:55]


>> I watched all the dates and stuff. Really just frankness, someone was really frank, hey, things really stink, and not all this political safe stuff to say or nonoffensive stuff. I would rather see somebody very frank. And I think people can take it. If medicare is ing, say it. Just say it instead of -- you know what I mean? Instead of like dancing around it. I don't like that. That really bothers me. 
>> Reporter: And we're hearing a lot of that. People are saying, look, they think things could have been better under barack obama. They're considering giving him another chance. They really like some of mitt romney's projections about the future and what it's going to look like in terms of deficit reduction and job creation, but they can't get the numbers to add up. But they could go his way, if they could get the numbers to add up. So it might be in the candidates' interests over the course of the next two weeks to give some of these candidates the specifics they need. That's difficult to do politically, but there are votes to be had here. And if you get them, you get all 29 votes in the state of florida. Kate, wolf? 
>> I rber florida, florida, florida 2000. 
>> Fondly. Ali, thank you so much. 537 votes out of millions cast. 
>> Ah, memories! 
>>> Let's go to the battleground state of iowa now, with six electoral votes up forgrabs, president obama won the state back in 2008, after his iowa caucuses win launched him towards the presidential nomination. The most recent poll shows the president holding an eight-point lead in iowa, but the state remains a toss-up on our electoral map. Cnn's miguel marquez is on the move in iowa, with a unique group of women voters. 
>> If it's davenport, it's got to be roller derby and the adequate city rollers. Scott county is just one of several battlegrounds here in america's heartland. In this one county alone, there are enough votes to turn this state blue or red. The rollers demonstrated t signature move. 
>> Blocking in front of you. 
>> Reporter: Oh, my god! Oh, and by the way -- your booty did block me. 

[02:31:00]


>> Reporter: They're really tough. These rough and tumble midwestern women, they're also midwestern voters. 
>> It's all about keeping the other side from moving forward. This is a lot like politics, you realize? 
>> Right behind you, guys? 
>> Reporter: Waitress connie heart has worked at the machine shed restaurant for 26 areas. Her derby name, diamond dust. Her specialty, blocking. Her biggest issue, the economy. How tough has it been? 
>> It's been tight. It's been real tight. 
>> Reporter: Because, what, less money, higher gas -- 
>> less money. A lot of people don't want to go out to eat as much as they used to. 
>> Reporter: By day, carrie decrane is a special worker helping kids with special needs. On some nights, she's lady gotcha, a jammer. That's the one that scores the points. What is important in this election? 
>> Reporter: I want to make sure there's going to be budgeting for the people that actually need it. Jobs as well. I want there to be continued job growth. 
>> Reporter: Decrane says she'll likely vote for a third party. Republicans say this is like 2004, when just a few counties broke their way, giving bush a very narrow victory here. Democrats argue their advantage, the low unemployment rate, now just 5.2% among the lowest in the country. This is a single machine? 
>> This is a single machine and it's only part of the machine. 
>> Reporter: Scott county in iowa rebounded with help from companies like genesis systems group, a manufacturer of industrial robots. Increasingly its business is overseas. 
>> Reporter: Are you hirg? 
>> We have done some hiring this year. I think we're up about ten people overall. But we're still about 10% lower than we were in 2007. 
>> Reporter: Scott county, an economic bright spot in the heartland, whose voters can be tough to win over. 
>> Oh, my goodness! 
>> Reporter: Politics are rough and tumble, as I'm discovering. Things are hot and heavy here in iowa. Mr. Obama will be out here tomorrow in davenport and then mr. Romney, a few hours later, will be in cedar rapids. The polls show them within a couple of points and republicans here believe that if they can pick up a few thousand votes in places like scott and other counties, they can turn this state to their column. Wolf? 

[02:33:12]


>> A pretty important state, iowa. Miguel, thanks very, very much. 
>> Amazing, we're talking about a few thousand votes here and there. Could be so, so close. President obama says his final debate with mitt romney drove home their differences on foreign policy, but at times, romney sounded a lot like president obama. Wolf will ask romney adviser john sununu about that. And then we'll hear from obama adviser, collin calm. monaco, home of the legendary grand prix circuit. The perfect place to bring the all-new cadillac ats to test the 2.0-liter turbo engine. 
[ engine revs ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Derek ] 272 HORSEPOWER. THE LIGHTEST IN Its class. The cadillac ats outmatches the bmw 3 series. I cannot believe I have ended the day not scraping some red paint off on these barriers. ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] THE ALL-NEW CADILLAC ATS. ???????????? 
(Train Horn) 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. together. We wanted an easier way to accept credit cards, so we got GoPaymt. I went to TryGoPaymentFree.c and got a free card reader that worked with my smartphone. We just attach it, swipe the customer's card and let them sign with their finger. Then we email the reciept. Business was booming... ...during the summer. So we decided to open a second location. We grabbed our GoPayment and set out for ice cream weather. As the temperature rose, so did our sales. The free card reader worked with our tablet, too. And we quickly discovered we weren't the only ones using GoPayment. There's no commitment, no monthly fees, the card reader was free and so was the app. We just pay a small fee per swipe. We can go where our customers are and everywhere in between. And the best part is, now we never miss a sale. Or a heatwave. 

[02:36:36]


[ Announcer ] GoPayment from Intuit, maker of QuickBooks. your free card reader at TryGoPaymentFree.com 
>>> Two weeks until election day. The candidates are unleash everything they've got to get to the finish line. 
>> And finish line is getting closer and closer. They're getting fuel for their attacks today from the foreign policy debate last night. We'll talk to obama campaign adviser, collin call in a few moments. Right now we're joined by a top romney adviser, the former new hampshire governor, john sununu. Governor, thanks for coming in. 
>> A pleasure to be here. Happy tuesday. 
>> Thank you. I want you to listen to the president of the united states today, hammering away at mitt romney and his debate performance last night. 
>> Romney's foreign policy has been wrong and reck last. You heard him last night. He was all over the map. If you say that you love american cars during a debate, you're a car guy, but you wrote an article titled "let detroit go bankrupt," you definitely have a case of romnesia. 
>> That article that he wrote, that op-ed, let detroit go bankrupt, if he loses ohio, it will probably be, as the president said, because one out of eight jobs in ohio is related to the auto industry. 
>> Look, let's face facts. The president again is being dishonest. He knows that title was put on by "the new york times," not by mitt romney. And if he ally read the article, he uld understand that what mitt romney was proposing was a process not only in which they would go bankrupt as, through a nongovernment initial intervention, but that they would be government support for the process after they came out of bankruptcy. The president has misrepresented that or else he's not smart enough to be able to read that article. 

[02:38:45]


>> As you remember, the financial sector at that time was so week, most of the investment firms, the big ones, they weren't investing. If the government wouldn't have given chrysler and general motors that money, where would that money have come through, to go through a structured bankruptcy? 
>> That money would have come through, if there had been a support for putting money into it, after it came out. The idea was to do it in a process that allowed this normal course to take place, rather than this huge intervention, which, in fact, in the opinion of many people, ended up spending tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of jobs overseas. The president keeps misstating that, but he keeps misstating a lot of things. 
>> The auto industry is pretty robust right now. Both chrysler and general motors. They're in business and a lot of people in michigan -- 
>> and so is ford. 
>> -- And in ohio and illinois, their pretty grateful about that. 
>> And so is ford that didn't go through bankruptcy. Look, they may be grateful, but they also understand that the last four years has been a disaster. 23 million people unemployed and underemployed, everybody in ohio knows somebody that hasn't got a job. The fact is that this president has not produced the recovery that has any robust character to it at all. 
>> I don't know about you, governor, and I've known you for a long time, I was pretty surprised that romney last night on the foreign policy issues, he seemed to go out of his way to agree with the president on some of the most sensitive issues. And he certainly didn't go on the attack out of sensitive subject like libya, for example. Let me play a few clips and then we'll discuss. 
>> I don't want to have our military involved in syria. And of course, a military action is the last resort. When I'm president, I'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 2014. I don't blame the administration for the fact that the relationship with pakistan is strained. It's widely reported that drones are being used in drone strikes and I support that entirely. And feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology and believe that we should continue to use it. 

[02:40:54]


>> Were you surprised, governor, how supportive of the president's foreign policy, of all of these sensitive issues the governor was? 
>> No, not really. What he did, he ticked off the things he supports, he agrees with him on, but he also ticked off the things he doesn't agree with him on. In libya, he didn't agree with the general theory of leading from behind. If we had led from the front, we would have some stronger input as to who the leadership was there. In syria, he pointed out that the president said a year ago, that assad had to go and had virtually done nothing significant in that period of time. And he ran, he condemned the president for not supporting the green movement that took place there. And on russia, he really differed with the president, because mitt romney does feel that putin has ambitions to make the russian empire another soviet union again, and the president, in his whispering asides to medvedev said -- the words were, in essence, let me get through the selection, and i will be flexible afterwards. Those are four major areas that he underscored the difference on, and those are the four major areas that have to be addressed properly, if this country is going to deal with the future. 
>> I was struck athe softening, though. And I've covered him over the past several years, and i definitely sensed a softening. And I wasn't thenly one. My old friend, steve hayes, of the "weekly standard," he said this, he wrote a biography of dick cheney. He said, "romney was so determined to avoid sounding like george w. Bush, that he spent much of the night sounding like barack obama." At do you say about that? 
>> Well, look, this was an opportunity for mitt romney to at least let the public understand that he doesn't have horns and a tail when it comes to foreign policy. And I think he did a great job. The proof of the pudding is that the bulk of the narratives today talk about mitt romney as presidential and barack obama as snarky. I think the governor wins on that basis alone. 
>> Why did he not want to get into a debate with the president on the most sensitive issue right now, what happened in benghazi? 

[02:42:55]


>> Well, there's a -- everybody knows what happened in benghazi. If he got into , the key issue in benghazi is that the president laid constantly and misrepresented to the public, particularly -- 
>> why didn't romney say that? 
>> Because that's up to people like me to use words like that. Last night, he was putting a presidential side forward, and i think it was a brilliant strategy, and as people are thinking about what happened last night, I go back to the phrase I used, they're calling romney presidential and the president snarky. That alone makes it worth it that it leaves it to folks like me to help explain what happened in benghazi. 
>> Governor sununu, thanks for coming in, as usual. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Kate? 
>>> Next we'll get a very different take on the campaign and the final debate when we talk to obama campaign adviser, collin call. is promotion at red lobster. There's so many choices, the guests love it! 
[ Male Announcer ] DON'T MISS ENDLESS SHRIMP, Just $14.99! Try as much as you like, anyway you like. Like new teriyaki grilled shrimp. Offer ends soon! My name is angela trapp, and I sea food differently. frank plan. One golden crown. Come on frank how long have we known each other? Go to e-trade. They got killer tools man. They'll help you nail a retirement plan that's fierce. Two golden crowns. You realize the odds of winning are the same as being mauled by a polar bear and a regular bear in the same day? Frank! Oh wow, you didn't win? I wanna show you something... It's my shocked face. 

[02:45:06]


[ gasps ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET A RETIREMENT PLAN That works at e-trade. 
>>> Just a little while ag, the president landed on the south lawn of the white house. Marine one, there you see some video that we got. Out of the campaign trail today, the presidential candidates are picking up where they left of last night after their final debate. We spoke just a little while ago with a top romney campaign. 

[02:47:23]


>> That's absolutely right. And now we're joined by collin call, a national security adviser to the obama campaign and a former deputy assistant secretary of defense. So let's look at this new ad from the romney campaign first. 
>> The president began with an apology tour of going to various nations and criticizing america. I think they look at that and saw weakness. The reason I call it an apology tour, you went to the middle east and you flew to egypt and to saudi arabia and to turkey and iraq. And you skipped israel. Our closest friend in the region. 
>> Why did he skip israel? The first four years of his administration, visited all these other neighboring countries but skipped israel. I know he was there as a candidate, but not as a president. 
>> Just like mitt romney went there as a candidate, but mitt romney didn't go there for a fund-raiser, he went there for serious business. If you actually look back over the last 11 presidents, seven of them never traveled to israel, and two of them didn't travel there until their second term. It's not that -- 
>> here's what's unusual. Here's what's unusual. Other presidents, they may not have visited israel, ronald reagan, but he didn't go to egypt, didn't go to iraq, and skipped israel. Didn't go to saudi arabia and skip israel. If you're in the neighborhood, usually, you visit israel. 
>> Actually, of the four that traveled to the region and eventually traveled to israel, they all traveled to arab countries first. 
>> They went -- 
>> go to arab countries but they wouldn't just go to arab countries and not go to israel. 
>> I don't think that's true, actually. 
>> We can double check that. And the president last night twice said that israel is our greatest ally in the region. In "60 minutes," he said israel is one of our best allies in the region. What is it request m 
>> I don't think there's any question that israel is one of our closest allies. 
>> Why didn't he say that on "60 minutes." 
>> He says it all the time. 
>> Nobody else in the region gets $3 billion a year in security assistance. We stood up, the administration has, for the israelis at the u.N., Repeatedly. I mean, israeli officials all time -- last time I was on the show, you played ehud barak and president perez saying there's never been a closer relationship. This is just this myth that there's daylight between this administration and israel. 

[02:49:39]


>> Oneisrael. 
>> One final question on the question of israel. I want to play this exchange from the debate last night. 
>> Would either of you be willing to declare that an attack on israel is an attack on the united states? Which, of course, is the same promise that we give to our close allies like japan. 
>> First of all, israel is a true friend, it is our greatest ally in the region. And if israel is attacked, america will stand with israel. I've made that clear throughout my presidency. 
>> Some were listening very closely. Many were listening very closely to that and heard tat he kind of avoided answering that question. Will he declare an attack on israel, is an attack on the united states? 
>> The united states is committed to defending israel. As we speak, there are more than 1,000 u.S. Troops in israel and another couple thousand participating from europe in the largest-ever joint u.S./Israeli defense exercise. 
>> So needs to be stated other -- 
>> no, what the president said, we stand with israel and if israel is attacked, we have their back. 
>> That's not the question, that bob schieffer asked. Is an attack on israel an attack on the united states. An attack an a nato ally is an attack on the united states. Is an attack on israel an attack on the united states. 
>> It would lead to an americans response. And what the president said last night, same thing. 
>> Just speaking for the obama campaign, an attack on israel is an attack on the united states. 
>> I'll just say what the president says, if israel gets attacked -- 
>> you understand the nuance, the difference. 
>> Yeah. But I'm saying -- 
>> you want to leave that. 
>> I'm saying the effect is the same. If the nato country gets attacked, we have their back. If israel gets attacked, we have their back. 
>> Not necessarily. But go ahead. 
>> I want to move on if we can to the question of afghanistan. It of course came up in last night's debate in both president obama as well as governor romney said they plan to pull troops out in 2014. Many people have asked all of these insider attacks continue, and so many questions -- more concerns about insider attacks. Why not pull them out sooner? If we already have this date set of 2014, why not pull them out sooner? Is this time -- would a second-term president obama reassess that? 

[02:51:57]


>> I sent out a tweet last night that said mitt romney must have forgot his talking points on afghanistan because he just said the president's. The issue you race, these green on blue attacks is serious. Afghanistan takes it seriously. And they change the way we partner with afghan security forces to try to hedge against this risk going forward. I think the president believes and apparently governor romney agrees, that we need to make sure this transition happens responsibly. So I think the time line we've agreed to with our nato allies through 2014 does that. 
>> Colin cowell. Lots of questions. Are you getting excited? 
>> Yes. 
>> I can tell. Exactly. 
>> I'm always excited. 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> Teaches at georgetown university. 
>> Much smarter than I am. 
>>> At the top of the hour, erin burnett "outfront" taking a close look at what's inside the obama campaign's new 20-page plan for his second term. See whether some of the claims add up. ???????????? 
(Train Horn) 
VO: Wherever our trains go, the economy comes to life. Norfolk Southern. One line, infinite possibilities. Ford for Fiona. Tell me Fiona, who's having a Big Tire Event? Your Ford Dealer. Who has 11 major brands to choose from? Your Ford Dealer. Who's offering a rebate? Your Ford Dealer. Who has the low price tire guarantee... affording peace of mind to anyone who might be in the market for a new set of res? Your Ford Dealer. I'm beginning to sense a pattern. Buy four select tires, get a $60 rebate. Use the Ford Service Credit Credit Card, get $60 more. That's up to $120. Where did you get that sweater vest? Your Ford Dealer. light. Outdoors, or in. Transitions???? lenses automatically filter just the right amount of light. So you see everything the way it's meant to be seen. Maybe even a little better. VSP members can save on all authentic Transitions lenses, including our new Transitions Vantage and Transitions XTRActive lenses. Experience life well lit. Ask which Transitions adaptive lens is best for you. happens accident and need to get my car fixed? Progressive makes it easy, because we give you choices. You can pick where to get your car fixed, we can cut you a check, or, at our service center, we take care of everything for you. 

[02:55:40]


[ Relaxing music playing ] 
[ chuckles ] 
-whew, so many choices. 
-Take your time. 
-The service center. 
-Okay. Giving you choices -- now, that's progressive. Call or click today. 
>>> She's a force to be reckoned with on the beauty pageant circuit and star of the cable reality show. I'm not talking about you. 
>> Unfortunately, you are not. Now "honey boo-boo" is taking her show on the road, promoting her second season and making the most of the spotlight. Here is cnn's jeanne moos. 
>> Pick the toughest interviewee. Is it dick cheney? 
>> So? 
>> Reporter: Is it charlie sheen? 
>> I am on a drug. It's called charlie sheen. 
>> Reporter: But their child's play compared to honey boo-boo. 
>> Let me ask you some questions -- 
>> oh! 
>> Reporter: Hln's dr. Drew had to contend with prd snoring. 
>> Is it difficult to be on tv? 
[ Snoring ] 
>> she's sleeping. 
>> Reporter: But the week before, on ktla, probably wished she dozed off. ???????????? 
>> Reporter: Instead of belting out song. The 7-year-old star of tlc's reality show "here comes hone boo-boo" bounced her way through the interview. She played games. 
>> Hang on. 
>> Reporter: Mom didn't have enough hands to stop her. ?????? Whoa woa ???????????? 
>> ReporteONEY BOO-BOO IS ON A tear. While on her latest media tour, from "extra," -- to "jimmy kimmel." 

[02:57:45]


>> Reporter: She couldn't sit still. 
>> They don't know 
>> you better redneckize! 
>> Reporter: The crowd recognized one of her favorite saying. She went from interview to interview acting up. Now, a lot of people are booing, all of the attention being showered on honey o-boo. 
>> I honestly think that people are doing a disservice to this child. 
>> Reporter: Sharon osbourne's family had their own reality show. 
>> I think 7 is way too young. 
>> Reporter: The media grind can leave you pooped. Honey boo-boo's family seemsto be exceptionally loving. That didn't stop people online from posting dire predictions. This will end badly. Already been portrayed on snl. 
>> No one in particular! 
>> Reporter: Debuted on "south park." 
>> I've already had three heart attacks, girlfriend! 
>> Reporter: And mentioned by the president. 
>> Honey boo-boo endorsement. 
>> Barack obama. 
>> That's a big relief. 
>> She almost swatted dr. Drew. 
>> Hi, hi. 
>> Don't hit. 
>> Reporter: These days, she is less honey -- 
[ snoring ] 
>> more boo-boo. 
>> Is there something exciting you would like to talk about? 
>> Reporter: Jeanne moos, cnn, new york. 
>> This programming -- we have a programming note. You can see dr. Drew's full interview for yourself, later tonight, 9:00 p.M. Eastern on our sister network, hln. 
>> Just so you know, that was wolf's first introduction to honey boo-boo. 
>> I don't know much about honey boo-boo. 
>> It's okay. You've learned enough, I think. 
>> Her ratings were pretty good when she had a show opposite the president's address at the democratic convention. 
>> I think that tells us something. 
>>> You can always follow what's going on here in the situation room on twitter. Tweet me at wolf blitzer, kate at kate bolduan. A lot of people don't know how to spell your name. 
>> You can google it. 
>> Google it@kateboluan. Erin burnett, "outfront" starts right now. 

[02:59:49]


>> "Outfront" next, 14 days before the election, president obama lays out his vision for a 

﻿Title: The Wendy Williams Show - HLN
Description: Talk-show host Nancy Grace; actress Yvette Nicole Brown; event planner Michael Russo makes Halloween crafts.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 10:00:00 AM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Gun. We will continue the investigation, gather all the evidence, where ever it may lead us, and who ever is responsible will be held accountable for their actions. If it is determined that someone responsible for her death, they don't deserve to be walking the streets. We will put them where they will be long behind bars. I want to thank the community of clayton for coming together under these difficult circumstances, the community sometimes is never tested like you have been tested over the last three days. And what you have done is a testament to each and everyone of you to what you have done for this family, golf -- fosh eve other, and for that I'll be greatful for everything you have done. We gather here at a church. At this time I would ask all of to you join me in the lord's prayer on behalf of the young girl named autumn, a family and a resident of clayton, new jersey. Our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thigh name, thigh kingdom come, thigh will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily breeder forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against inches, lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. 

[00:02:13]


>> Okay, we will have continuing coverage here at myfoxphilly.Com. Thank you for being with us today. And why don't we try to hang with this just a little bit here. Because the chief of police we think he is going to speak after sean daulton here, prosecutor for gloucester county with his comments. 
>> And we will go where the facts lead us. And if they determine that there is individual's responsible for her death, they will be held accountable. Chief? 
>> This is a small community, it is a great community, it is a very large and tragic incident, like the prosecutor said, if there is someone to be held responsible, i personally will tell that you they will be held responsible and accountable, and I will make sure along with mr. Daulton that justice will be served. This will not happen in our town. Thank you. 
>> Prosecutor, there are some reports out there that there may have been some arrests already. Can you address that please? 
>> There have been no arrests, as I mentioned, the investigation began, the criminal investigation, began last night. It is ongoing. It is an ongoing criminal investigation at this point. And in order to ensure and preserve the integrity of the investigation, we're right at the beginning phase of that, so I can't release a whole lot of details. But at this point, what we're doing is we're gathering all the evidence, physical and otherwise, with respect to what happened, we have elements from not only the gloucester county prosecutor's officehe clayton police department, but the fbi, new jersey state police working together as we have been in order to find out what happened. And that will continue until we find out what happened, however long it will take. 

[00:04:20]


>> Is there a suspect or person of interest, sayi we're looking for this person, perhaps? 
>> At this point, we don't have any person of interest. At this point, let me just 
reemphasize: Today is about a young girl named autumn, and i think our focus should be on her. We will be doing our job with the criminal investigation, but I wanted to come here and thank all the residents for their support over the last few days, you have been unbelievable. And I dare say, in some other communities, I don't think we would have had such a tremendous outpouring of support. I wish there was better news i could give you last night when we found her, but everyone who has been involved from the start has a right to know what happened. I think today we need to remember a young girl, we need to continue to support the family and law enforcement will continue to do its job, so we can get the answer that is we're all looking for. 
>> Just an hour ago I was standing over there with about 50 people and someone came out and said there were two arrests and a third person they were actively looking for. So to cleaup that kind of statement? 
>> As I just stated, there have been no arrests -- arrests. 
>> This is a small town, you have made no arrests. Spoke tone many parents in morning who are very concerned about their own children, kids riding bikes, walking up and down the street, feeling safe. With no arrests what do you say to those parents who are holding their children closer out of shear fear? 
>> What I would say to them is that gloucester county and the borrow of clayton is a safe community. Are there individuals who would engage in this type of haneous behavior? That's what we're going to find out. But you're going to continue doing what you have always done, you're going to hold your children close, and you're going to take the necessary steps in order to protect your children as you always have. Gloucester county is one of the safest counties in the state of new jersey. We have very few homicides in gloucester county. At this point we're trying to determine what we have. But I know the residents of clayton as they demonstrated over the last few days will do what is necessary to protect their own. You know, it was 48 hours after she was declared missing that we were able to find autumn. We're about 12 hours since then. We're actively investigating the case. You know, I can't gave you a timetable as far as that. All I can tell you is that all of the resources that were over the last few days put into finding this young girl are now focused on finding out what happened and if it is determin that somebody's responsible holding them accountable in a court of law and making sure justice is served. 

[00:07:47]


>> Child luring? 
>> No. 
>> Can you tell us what led to -- 
>> I can't go into that level of detail right now. Thank you very much for all of your support. Thank you for your support of the law enforcement efforts. We appreciate everyone's cooperation, these last three days, I want to thank the mayor, and we will continue updating as soon as we have additional information that we can provide. But this is the day, again, to remember a young girl named autumn, and to continue the support that you provided to a family and to give thanks to a community of clayton for all that you have done to support this family and this young girl. Thank you. 
>> If you do another news conference? 
>> Prosecutor sean daulton. We'll stay with this just to see if somebody else comes up to the microphone. I mean, the street is just filled with some family members, I think a couple of her uncles are there, and neighbors, helping look for her since saturday. 
>> You know, I think, you know, one of the men in the crowd, one the reporters asked a very important question that everyone is thinking about as a parent, you know, if you have a young daughter or kids, you know, what do you do? What are you supposed to tell your kids? We've already heard steve mentioned a low of families keeping their kids home from school today. You can hear the fear. 
>> It is a difficult question for him to answer, but try to go about your normal business. But it is impossible to do that. It is impossible to do. That will you want to gather your kids in your house and keep them close to you until they do have somebody under arrest, or bodies. 
>> One of the photograph he is said today, you know, just hug your kids tight. 
>> Oh,. 
>> What a shocking day for clayton, new jersey. The mayor, and the police chief, boy, they sound committed and resolute of getting who ever is responsible. 
>> Powerful moment to have a mole community there, and everyone immediately in prayer, and our hearts are with everybody in that community. So, you know, stay with us, you can always go to myfoxphilly.Com, we'll keep you updated there,u're hehere. Go click. Let us know what's going on. 

[00:12:02]


[ Applause ] and moving on, even though sheray is not returning to the "real housewives of atlanta" there's plenty of drama with the two newgirls, kenya and porsche. They bring it and we have the sneak peek. Before we play it, I want you to know it was dark and dangerous. Roll the clip! 
[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> have a nice day. 
>> You have a nice day. 
>> Bye, porsche. Have a nice day. 
>> Bye. 
>> It's gotten out of control. 
>> I'm busting my [ bleep ] for you and I don't -- 
>> I'm starting to feel crazy. 
>> On the curb where you should be. I don't want to come back. 
>> I don't want you to. 
>> You leave early every time. 
>> As for you -- 
>> take your [ bleep ] back to detroit. 
>> Don't trust me, please. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: It's going to be really good. If they are really throwing fists -- I can't. But I'm watching. Until I see something that's not good. We'll be talking about it. In other atlanta news, kim, who by the way looked like she fit in with that mess, kim, I still want you on "housewives." 
[ Applause ] I want you to continue. Kim is having problems with her mother. Do you watch tardy for the wedding? Well, in the season finale kim and her mother, karen, well, karen apparently used the indoor bathroom at the wedding extravaganza instead of the luxurious port-a-pies that they rented for the wedding. They've been estranged ever since then. Karen, kim's mom is suing for visitation rights for the granddaughters, arianna and brielle. The girls don't want to see their grandmother. The girls are going to court to file documents saying they love their grandma but due to her actions at the wedding they've grown apart. The girls also added, this is how kids are these days, they have too much going on in their own lives,hey don't have time for an overnig visit with their grandmother. And kim is asking the judge to throw out the entire case. In the meantime, she's also asking for her mother to pay her legal fees for all of this mess. Now, I have to say this, first of all, there's got to be more mess going on with the mother and daughter than that she used the inside bathroom. That's the first thing. The second thing is, kim, the outside bathroom is for your wedding guests. Really? I mean, in that big house that you live in, you know there's bathrooms every place. Heck, even if your mother wants to use the bathroom in your bedroom, which p.S., My mother doesn't even step into the threshold of -- do your parents go in your bedroom and stuff? Don't you feel as if that's your smush palace and your parents aren't supposed to be in there? 

[00:15:23]


[ Applause ] really? I don't like my parents even darken the door step of my bedroom. I always felt that way, ever since being married. Like, ew, donme in here. There are other bathrooms to use. Have you -- moving on. By the way, wait, one more thing, kim, tardy for the wedding was okay and interesting. But I like you bter on atlanta housewives. You can incorporate being on the wives but we need to get a glimpse of you with your husband and the girls. You need to stay on atlanta housewives. Have you seen today's weather forecast? It's raining men! 
[ Cheers and applause ] hallelujah! That's right. Magic mike comes out todayn dvd. You're always going home with a copy. 
[ Cheers and applause ] it's a dvd combo pack featuring extensive dance themes. Logon to wendyshow.Com for more information on how you can win. Everybody keep it here. We have a great sh from the hit tv show, "community," yvette nicole brown is here. 
[ Applause ] mike the russo is here and he's going to show us some really spooktacular ways to dress up your halloween. Up next, everybody, the always outspoken nancy grace. Keep it here. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 

[00:19:02]


[ cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: Welcome back. Our first guest is my kind of lady. She says it like she means it. She's a tough talking justice-seeking host of her new talk show. Now she has a new movie on lifetime, it's called "the eleventh victim." Take a look. 
>> It's difficult for me to say good-bye to a guy who has kept me on the straight and narrow, saved my [ muted ] on more than one occasion. Garland spencer who has decided to leave the wild atlanta for the more pleasant climate of afghanistan. At your age? 
>> Hey, I still have skills. 
>> We know about your skills. 
>> Wendy: Please welcome nancy grace. 
[ Cheers and applause ] hi! I know! Thank you. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> thank you. 
>> Wendy: By the way, happy birthday. Today is nancy's birthday. 
[ Cheers and applause ] nancy, I have to say, it's always shocking for me as a host to meet my guests. I had no idea you were such a little lady. 
>> Listen, I'm just beside myself about that last story. Telling her mother she could not tee-tee in the bathroom? Hi, mom and dad, they're taking care of the twins right now. If she wanted to tee-tee on the dining room table, that's okay with me. 
>> Wendy: I'm sure there's more to that story. 
>> She would work all day. 

[00:21:07]


>> Wendy: I like your barrett. I notice you've been wearing it on your nancy grace show. Let me just say, the first time I saw you with a barrett, I was like, oh, my gosh, she's such a girl. When we become women you can never lose sight of the 12-year-old girl in you. With all this tough talking you do, the barrett softens everything. 
>> My twins, they're just about to turn 5 and my little girl loves barretts and hair things. That was one of hers. 
>> Wendy: Your daughter looks like honey boo boo. She's cute. 
[ Laughter ] and your son, he's like a -- 
>> that was us living large on a friday afternoon at the waffle house. 
>> Wendy: Oh, yeah. 
[ Applause ] 
>> there we are. We have a good time. I sit at the end and read library books. We order everything. We have a good time. 
>> Wendy: Order a little of everything. Have you gained any weight back from "dancing with the stars"? 
>> A ton. A ton. You all, I would practice so hard that my feet would bleed. I would have bandages on them and then socks. I would wear tristan out. He would try to go home. Oh, no, no, no, you get back in here, little boy. 
>> Wendy: Oh, yes, yes. 
[ Applause ] and you were very entertaining on "dancing with the stars." 
>> Not intentionally. 
>> Wendy: We saw your boobs and everything. 
[ Laughter ] 
>> it was just one boob. 
>> Wendy: It's okay. Boobs are good. Let's talk about the criticism. 
>> That was not my -- I'm going to go to my grave saying that. 
>> Wendy: Nancy as you might not know this. She has received criticism. What you do know, she's got a loose cannon style of reporting which I happen to love. 

[00:23:08]


[ Applause ] you say it like you mean it. At night when I enjoy about your show, it's a comfortable place to be. Listening to you screaming and ranting and taking your phone calls. We love it. You're helping to solve crimes. How do you respond, though, to the criticism? 
>> I never perceive of myself as a loose cannon. I am a crime victim. My fiance was murdered shortly before our wedding and it took me over 20 years before I would go out on a limb and try to remarry again. It was almost too late for me to have children. So god's love, I managed to have the twins. 
[ Applause ] but as far as -- I mean, I'm no different than anybody else, whether it's at work or the church or the neighborhood or the cul-de-sac or the playground, somebody is going to hate you. If you listen to them, no dream comes true, no task gets accomplished. I might as well stay home in bed. 
[ Applause ] 
>> Wendy: Well said. You also received some criticism, some pretty harsh criticism about comments you had made regarding whitney houston's death. I'm going to read you the quote. You might not have heard this. You said who let whitney houston slip or pushed her underneath that water? And then the criticism started. Do you want a tissue? 
>> I'm upset about the twins. It's okay. A little tissue. 
>> Wendy: What do you say about the whitney houston? 
>> Well, okay, to people that have never been criminal prosecutors, have never had to go to a crime scene in the middle of the night, never smelled sticky blood -- thank you. Never been at an autopsy, never vomited after leaving a scenario of horrible facts, I don't expect them to understand that an autopsy is ordered when there's a question about the death. Is it natural causes? Is it an accident? Is it homicide? We know whitney, god rest her soul was in a bathtub with water in it. That's what we were told. The question became was it a natural death, was it an accident or did somebody push her? Was it a homicide? That was my point. I don't expect a bunch of monday morning quarterbackers to understand what goes on in an autoy. So they can say whatever they want to say. 

[00:25:55]


[ Applause ] 
>> Wendy: Gotcha. At one point, because you know, I don't do the daytime, I love daytime tv. At one point you had your "swift justice with nancy grace" show. 
[ Applause ] do you miss doing that show? 
>> Part of me does and part of me doesn't. It's a dichotomy. I miss it because I love the people I worked with. It was fun hearing the crazy cases. She poured bleach on my clothes! I'm like, you asked for it. And long story short, I miss that. And I miss the people I worked with. But I don't miss being away from the twins. I already have the one job. 
>> Wendy: Yes. 
>> Being away from them another eight hours is just -- 
>> Wendy: It's a lot. 
>> I would cry in between cases. 
>> Wendy: Would you griff me another tissue? 
>> No, I'm good. 
>> Wendy: Up next, we have a special birthday surprise for nancy. Don't miss it. 
[ Cheers and applause ] said drivers? Yeah. Yeah. ] jim. lisa. 

[00:28:09]


[ Jim ] MMMMM. So, hot. Whoo! Mmmmm. That is hot! 
[ Male Announcer ] MADE WITH REAL CHEESE And premium cuts of meat. 
[ ding! ] ! ??? HOT POCKETS! ?????? ] stouffer's two? Tender slices of grilled chicken? A creamy alfredo sauce made with real cheese? Or that it took just minutes so you can enjoy dinner and a movie. Stouffer's. Meals for 2 in under 20 minutes. Let's fix dinner. Dazzler, on. Wow! Dirt Dazzlers let me clean and work out at the same time. Shame, shame, shame. Ooh, slippery, Ooh! Uh, let's ditch the cha-chas and get down to business. Pine Sol - a real clean. No gimmicks. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: We're back. We're chatting with nancy grace. So now, ratulations on this new lifetime movie. 
[ Applause ] 
>> they did not put my shoes on the shoe cam. 
>> Wendy: That's not what we said. 
>> I think I got them at payless. 
>> Wendy: Payless is pay good. Good for you. 
>> Put that right into the children's college fund. I can't live if these shoes when I'm 60. 
>> Wendy: It's all about the kids. Nancy's got a "new york times" best-selling book called "the eleventh victim." Now it's being made into a movie on lifetime. 

[00:30:11]


[ Applause ] tell us about the movie. 
>> Guys, I love lifetime. Long before I ever dreamed -- it took me ten years to write this book. I started writing it when i moved to new york to start a show with johnnie cochran, got rest his soul. I was lonely. I started writing this book about the years I was a felony prosecutor. I never dreamed it uld be on lifetime. I would watch lifetime to scare myself. I couldn't believe when my book ended up on lifetime. 
>> Wendy: We love lifetime as well. I saw on the clip, jenny McCARTHY AND METTA WORLD WAES? You like him? 
>> Wait a minute. I got a husband back there somewhere. I don't want to get him all crazy. 
>> Wendy: What's your connection with metta world peace other than "dancing with the stars"? 
>> Meta and I were on "dancing with the stars" at the same time. I still call him ron artest. I can't help it. We were the only ones who had jobs and were, you know, other than the professional dancers, and were trying to hold down jobs and hold down a family. My twins came with me. 
>> Wendy: You can quickly feel like an outcast unless you connect with one person at "dancing with the stars." 
>> They were all skinny. 
>> Wendy: They had time to go out to the club and pump fist and drink at night. 
>> I wanted to go home with my children. I was miserable without them. Ron artest and his wife were so nice with me. 
>> Wendy: So you gave him a part in the movie. Before you go, we have a surprise for you. 
>> What's with that husband. 
>> Wendy: Peter facinelli. We want to bring out your birthday surprise. Bring it out. 
[ Applause ] happy birthday, nancy grace. Now, that's just not a cake. It's a cake. Hit it! 

[00:32:16]


[ Cheers and applause ] 
[ cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: Uh-oh. Here we go. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 
[ laughter ] this is what you call new york's finest. 
[ Cheers and applause ] nancy, it's the least we can do. Thank you so much for entertaining us and coming by our show. You guys, the "the eleventh victim" airs november 3rd at 8:00 p.M. On lifetime. Keep it here. Up next, the very funny yvette nicole brown is here. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 

[00:36:45]


[ cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: Halloween is creeping up and here to show us some spooktacular craft ideas for halloween, celebrity party planner and friend to the show, michael russo! Welcome back. 
[ Cheers and applause ] how you doin'? Okay, michael, some of the celebrity clients include -- he did the jonas wedding. He did sherri shepherd's wedding and alfonso ribeiro. Let's get started. Now, you brought fabulous ideas for halloween parties. 
>> Yes. 
>> Wendy: Show us what we're going to do. 
>> This is so much fun. These are candy skewers. You can make these with your kids. It's really fun. You can taste them. I know you love them. 
>> Wendy: Look at this. 
>> This is a great addition to your party. 
>> Wendy: Layered gummi bears. 
>> Yes, jelly drops. 
>> Wendy: Cute. 
>> We have martini glasses here that I just put the glow stick bracelets on, hot glued them on the bottom anmbellished them with spiders. 
>> Wendy: These you can buy at a party planning store. 
>> I bought these for under a dollar. These are cute treats you can give your guests. I'll take this from you. 
>> Wendy: Talk about decorating -- 
>> we'll be crafting. We'll make this little mummy over here. You can hang it outside. Your guests will love it when you come it a party, the trick or treaters will be spooked out by it. It's simple and fun to me. 
>> Wendy: This looks fairly easy. 
>> Really easy. Take a newspaper body just like this, crumple the paper. These are your legs and arms. 
>> Wendy: Oh! 
>> You hold these in place right there and take masking tape and literally -- 

[00:38:47]


>> Wendy: This is so easy. 
>> Put it right on. Okay? Once you're done we'll put this over here. 
>> Wendy: And costs nothing. Who doesn't have gauze, especially if you have kids. Someone is always breaking something. Then you take a garbage bag and cover it. If you put this outside -- 
>> Wendy: It's going to get wet and disgusting. 
>> Yes. 
>> Wendy: That's a great idea, so convincing. This is such a great idea. 
>> I use the white garbage bags. You don't have to use that much gauze. 
>> Wendy: Obviously. Yes. You have them. The white ones are recycling. Your wedding ring is gorgeous. I don't think you were married the last time I saw you. 
[ Applause ] let's give him wedding cam. This is how you do it. 
[ Applause ] last time I saw you, you did our six-week sneak peek and we did a craft thing in the summer of 2008. Were you married athe that time? 
>> No. It just became legal in new york. 
>> Wendy: You're right. 
>> So how you doin'? 
>> Wendy: Yes. Did you have a gigantic wedding? 
>> No. I'm been so busy planning everyone else's. You'll take these, obviously you'll have extra. 
>> Wendy: Yes, cut it off, give it to your neighbor. 
>> We have this gauze. You can contour these. This you can go ahead -- 
>> Wendy: I want one with a snatched waist. I'm going to snatch the waist. 
>> Wrap, wrap, wrap. And then also -- once we're done with that we can add spiders and -- 
>> Wendy: You do that. We're getting the sign to speed it up. Speed it up, move along in the monitor and doug is like there's 15 seconds left. What do we do? We have a halloween drink. 

[00:40:52]


>> Add the webbing and spiders. 
>> Wendy: Dri-- 
>> drinking on the job? 
>> Wendy: Yes. Great suggestion from the fabulous michael russo, everybody. For more information about what you just saw go to wendyshow.Com. Keep it here. Up next, yvette nicole brown. 

[00:44:07]


[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: Welcome back. Our next guest made her talk show debut three years ago right here on "wendy." 
[ Applause ] and she's been making us laugh ever since. Every week she plays the outspoken shirley bennett on the very funny tv show "community." Take a look. 
>> It's a vial game for vial people. 
>> They wouldn't get it. It's a guy thing. It's not a fresh baked pie thing. 
>> I might play a little. 
[ Applause ] 
>> Wendy: Please welcome yvette nicole brown. 
[ Applause ] 
>> hi, everybody. 
>> Wendy: Are you serious with this outfit? You look so good. 
>> Isn't it great. 
>> Wendy: I love the way you're wearing it. 
>> Thermal. So I wore a thermal. 
>> Wendy: Something as simple as a thermal brings it down. Well, this brings it way up. 
>> Don't do the shoe cam. These shoes have seen a lot of miles. I don't really want a close-up. 
>> Wendy: You take care of them really well. Give her the shoe cam. 
>> Don't judge the shoe cam, everybody. No, no, no. No, no, no. Here's a fashion tip so they can go another 5,000 miles. 
>> Wendy: Polish your patton leather with vaseline and wipe off the rest, just like new. 

[00:46:14]


>> Thank you, dear. 
>> Wendy: Good to see you. 
>> Good to see you, too. 
>> Wendy: Last time I saw you it was all natural hair. Wigs make it easy. What are you doing now? 
>> This is mine and a little bit of mine is springing out everywhere. This is somebody else's. I don't know who and I don't care. I'd just like to thank her. 
>> Wendy: And sherri shepherd, wiggies forever. 
>> She took a chance on me three years ago and lete come on the show when the show hn had the even debut yet. You could get a kidney. Everything I learned about talk shows and interviews, I learned from you and your staff. You've always been lovely to me. I'm so gracious. Anytime you need me, honey, heim here. 
>> Wendy: Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations on "community" by the way. A very funny show. Everyone wants to know when the show is coming back. We know that you got your -- 
>> episode eight. We have no idea when it's coming back but it is. It is. Maybe january. Is what -- there's rumors, a lot of rumors on twitter. Maybe january is what we're hearing. We really don't know. 
>> Wendy: One of the episodes you did for this new season which hasn started yet is "pulp fiction" -- 
>> yes. 
>> Wendy: Tell us about that. 
>> I played samuel l. Jackson's character. I think I got a little too involved. He has a purse. I looked in the mirror and i said there's my daddy. They made me really pretty, gave me lashes and eye shadow. Those button shots were something else. 
>> Wendy: So now what about the personal life, the career is on board. The fashion is straight. 
>> I just did a remodel of my house, you guys and my contractor is really cute. He's el salvadorian. His company is joel and company. He is so stinking cute. 

[00:48:26]


>> Wendy: Is he single. 
>> He is single. He's really cute and my house is amazing. 
>> Wendy: After he finishes the job and after you finally paid in full, then maybe that's when you will -- 
>> I think I just told him on tv. Did I just tell him. 
>> Wendy: Yes, you did. Do you live in that house alone? 
>> My mom. I got a house for me and my mom. We are staying together. I remodeled it for her. We're poor people. We never had something really nice. When I got the house I want the toilet -- her butt to be the first butt to sit on that toilet. 
>> Wendy: That's how you treat your mother when she has to go to the bathroom. 
[ Applause ] 
>> your mom is a dear. To see your mom's face when she comes in, like this is for me. 
>> Wendy: Yes. 
>> It's really cool. 
>> Wendy: It's nice to be nice to your parents. Is it true sometimes you get mistaken for your best friend, sherri shepherd? 
>> I get mistaken for sherri shepherd all the time. I've been with her and she go, i love you on "the view." I'm like, she's standing next to me. 
>> Wendy: When you come to town do you stay with she and her husband, sal? 
>> They got new digs. 
>> Wendy: It's a brownstone. We read about it in the newspaper. 
>> It's a new level of fabulosity happening. 
>> Wendy: I'll ask her during commercial. Don't worry. Do you get confused with anybody lse in hollywood? 
>> Octavia spencer from "the help." This white lady came up, oh, my god, you moved me so much. I don't know why she sounds black. She was white. You moved me so much in "the help" and if that were me i would have put poo in that pie, too. I want people to have their moments. I said, thank you. I do my best. 

[00:50:36]


>> Wendy: You're good. You continue to do your best on "community." "Community." Everybody. 
[ Applause ] yvette is so fabulous she brought a copy of season three of "community" for everyone. 
[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: Up next, a brave "wendy" watcher is going to cut her hair to make a wig for a breast cancer survivor. Keep it here. 
[ Applause ] I don't know how many people in the United States Senate grew up in a place like this - but I did. There was a real sense of family- a real sense of love. I still just live a few miles from here. So I know why protecting good jobs or preserving health care for families and children matters - because this is where I come from - and this is who I am. I'm Senator Bob Menendez and I approve this message. 

[00:53:52]


>> Wey: Welcome back, everyone. It is breast cancer awareness month and it continues on "wendy" with our hair drive. We have our friend, celebrity hairstylist nick arrojo with us. Our donator, lacie papalia is ing to have her hair whacked off today. She's from nutley, new jersey. Where she's a student. Are you nervous? 
>> Very. 
>> Wendy: This is for such a good cause. Are you going to get highlights in your new haircut. 
>> No. Keep it natural. 
>> Wendy: What type of hairstyle would you like? 
>> Heidi klum. 
>> Wendy: What is that a bob with a side swoop? 
>> Yes. 
>> Wendy: It looks terrific already. 
>> Oh, my god. Oh, my god. 
>> Wendy: You look great. If you want to be a part of our "wendy's" hair drive, logon to wendyshow.Com and don't go away. WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.w=?? +?? 

[00:57:30]


[ Cheers and applause ] 
>> Wendy: My co-host a mess. I want to thank today's guest, nancy grace you are a girl and we love you. Yvette nicole brown, thank you for being funny. Michael russo, so cute. Thank you. Studio audience, my co-hosts, love you. Tomorrow we have another great show "the sopranos" first she was on that and now she's on "guys with kids," jamie-lynn sigler. I love you for watching. 

[00:59:51]


>> Today on "the dr. Oz show," all new, could you have a hidden food allergy and 

﻿Title: The X Factor - Judge's House No. 3
Description: The judges reveal which acts will advance.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 9:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/23/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> I don't want to see anybody go. 
>> Are youure you're making the right decision? 
>> I think I am. 
>> Last week, britney spears revealed which four teens she's taking to the live shows. 
>> One of us is a winner here. One. 
>> I've made my decision. 
[dramatic music] ??? ??? you're through to the final four. 
>> Oh, my... 
>> Oh, my god. 
>> [groans] 
>> Britney, thank you. 
>> Oh, my god. 
>> Oh, my god. 
>> And l.A. Reid revealed which FOUR OVER 25s HE IS TAKING Forward. 
>> This is literally my last chance. 
>> You're in my final four. 
>> Oh, my god, I did it. Thank you so much. 
[dramatic music] ??? ??? 
>> let's do this, ma 
>> [laughs] 
>> Thank you. 
>> Man, i-i swear to you, i swear to you. 
>> Congratulations to you. ??? ??? 
>> is this the right journey for you? 
>> Demi and simon... 
>> It's thmoment of truth. 
>> Reveal their finalists. 
>> When you've got this much on the line, even 100% is not enough. It's bad news. 
[dramatic music] ??? ??? 
>> you're going home. 
[women crying] 
>> I love yo 
>> I love you. 
>> I really do. I love you. 
>> I love you. 
[upbeat techno music] ??? ??? >>'m here at my home in downtown los angeles with my category. I've got jillian jensen, willie jones, jennel garcia, paige thomas, nick youngerman, and cece frey. I have six acts, but I can only take four of them through to the live shows. 
>> Today is one of the biggest days of our lives. 

[00:02:00]


>> I was nervous to the point whe I can't even, like, talk. If I was to go home, I'd feel like I let my daughter down. 
>> Nick, you ready? You're one step closer to your dream. 
>> Demi's decision really means, like, the world to me. 
>> Do you see either of us going home? I don't see this being the end. For some reason, I feel in my heart that this isn't the end for either of us, you know? Everything I've put into this, all my hard work, I have to go on. I really do. 
>> I have come to my final decision. I'm very confident in it. This is the moment of truth. 
[dramatic soul music] ??? ??? 
>> I really can't explain how badly I want to stay in this competition. It's just been amazing. I've grown a lot through this experience. ??? Ooh, la, la ??? ??? la, la, la, la, la ??? 
>> whoo! 
[cheers and applause] 
>> ??? One step ??? ??? closer ??? 
>> this is everything to me. I don't have a job anymore. I don't go to school anymore. I mean, this is it. 
>> ??? I have loved you ??? 
>> I do feel like I did enough in my performance yesterday to desve a shot. ??? I kissed a girl ??? ??? and I liked it ??? 
>> ??? and all along I believed ??? ??? I would find you ??? 
>> whatever I left in that room is all I got, so hopefully it's enough. I want to stay in this competition more than anything in the whole entire world. 
[sighs] 
[The Writerby Ellie Goulding] ??? ??? 
[laughs] 
>> Are you okay? 
>> Um, yeah. 
>> Yeah? 
>> Yeah. 
>> All right. I just wanted to start off by saying you have an incredible voice. 

[00:04:01]


>> Thank you. 
>> There's no doubt about that. First time I saw you, I was just blown away. But I have a few concerns. I feel as if you were really insecure with your performance, and in order to be a pop star, like, the biggest thing is how you entertain people. 
>> What do you think she's talking about in there? 
>> I'm sure demi will give us an explanation, hopefully. 
>> I've made a decision. ??? ??? jennel... You're in my final four. 
>> ??? Why don't you be ??? ??? the artist ??? ??? and make me out of clay ??? 
>> this is a huge opportunity for you. 
>> GOD. [laughs] I was so worried. 
>> Come here. 
>> So much weight was just lifted off my--my shoulders. Like, that was, like, the highlight of my life. I'm still dreaming. Like, I'm waiting to wake up, but I haven't. 
[sobbing] 
>> ??? Won't you try to help me? ??? 
[I Won't Let Go by Rascal Flatts] ??? ??? 
>> this is the biggest moment ever in my life. An opportunity this big would never come around, like, ever. 
>> ??? It's like a storm ??? 
>> when I auditioned in greensboro, north carolina... 
>> ??? That cuts a path ??? 
>> I was very nervous. I've been thinking about ??? ??? this all day long ??? but when I got onstage, it was, like, all the nerves left and felt like I was singing in front of family. It was, like, amazing. 
[cheers and applause] Going home is not an option. Like, I refuse to go home. I don't want to go back to shreveport at all. For me to pursue my dreams, you know, I feel like I really can't do it in shreveport. And I just have to get through to the live shows. I just put my everything in it when I sung yesterday. ??? Just keep thinking about ??? ??? all the love that we had ??? 

[00:06:09]


>> ??? I will hold you tight ??? 
>> if I get sent home today, I'll be freakin' heartbroken. I just want this. I need this, like, more than anything. 
[What About Nowby Daughtry] ??? ??? 
>> how are you? 
>> Hey. How you doing? I'm good. Good. You good? 
>> I'm good. 
>> That's what's up. 
>> All right. So first off, I just want to say, you know that you're completely unique. And you have something goi for you that a lot of ople don't expect. But what's difficult for me is I feel like there's this inner battle in your head. "How much of me is gonna sing this line country? How much of me is gonna sing this line r&b?" That's a really big problem to have as an artist. So right now I'm thinking it's a big risk. With time, you might learn how to be able to craft that and blend it in a beautiful way, but it's--are you ready right now? ??? ??? so I have made a decision. You're in my final four. 
>> ??? What about now? ??? 
>> oh. 
>> [laughs] 
>> ??? What about today? ??? ??? what if you're king me ??? ??? all that I was meant to be ??? 
>> thank you so much. 
>> Congratulations. 
>> ??? What if our love ??? ??? never went away ??? ??? what if it's lost behind ?????? words we could never find ??? 
>> didn't I tell you? 
[laughter] This means the world to me. I feel like I'm in a dream. That's how I feel. If--if there's a--you know? I feel good. 
>> ??? What about now ??? 

[00:08:14]


>> there are only two spots left. I made my decision. 
>> [cries] I love you. ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? 

[00:10:41]


[ Male Announcer ] WITH GREASY FAST FOOD, What are you really getting? Instead, try the latest flavorrr phenomenon FROM Subway, THE NEW Tuscan Chicken Melt. OR THE Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki. Both surprisingly low fat. Subway. EAT FRESH. 
>> So it's down to four, but there are only two spots left. My heart's pounding every time i start to think about telling who is making it through and who's not making it through. 
>> If they went through, that means only half of us are making it through. 
>> This is definitely one of the biggest moments of my life. If I don't make it through this, I'm going back to ohio, and my head's not gonna be held high. 
[Supermanby Joe McElderry] 
>> ??? I can't stand to fly ??? 
>> I am so close. My first audition in greensboro, north carolina, in front of the judges was awesome. ??? Check out the hook ??? ??? while the dj revolves it ??? ??? ice ice baby ??? 
>> [laughs] 
>> See ya! ??? Ice ice baby ??? my performance yesterday, I feel like I did 110%. ??? And now, the girls ??? ??? are lining up ??? ??? 'cause they hear ??? ??? I got swagger ??? ??? but I kicked her to the curb ??? ??? she looked like mick jagger ??? nothing's gonna stand in my way from winning. I feel like I have what it takes to win this competition. I don't wanna be known as the rapping toilet cleaner the rest of my life. This is the most nerve-racking thing I've ever done in my life. 
>> Oh. 
>> All righty. 
>> [clears throat] Nick... 
>> Yes. 
>> You are so much fun to watch onstage. You know, you have the ability to light up a room and get everybody on their feet. My concern is... With all the talent that I've seen, we've set a really high bar. 

[00:12:47]


>> All right. 
>> Nick, I've made my decision. 
[Apologizeby OneRepublic] ??? ??? and you're going home. 
>> Thank you. 
>> ??? It's too late ??? ??? to apologize ??? ??? it's too late ??? ??? I said it's too late ??? ??? to apologize ??? ??? oh, yeah ??? 
>> ah, well, I'm going home. It--it hurts. Like, it's like a bad break-up right now. It's--i don't know. There's not really words I can say to the fact that I'm leaving los angeles, california, and i won't be back, you know? Man, I got nothing, man. I got nothing at home. 
>> You just gotta take what you learned here and all of that and just keep ding, dude. You know what I'm saying? 
>> Like, you guys don't understand. Like, it wasn't good enough. 
>> [exhales] 
>> If they all got yeses, we each have a one-in-three chance of making it. 
[door opens] 
>> Paige, they're ready to see you. 
>> When I had first walked onto the stage for the judges, it was an amazing expience. ??? I'm goin' down ??? this is definitely the biggest opportunity of my life. I wouldn't have to worry about if I can provide for my daughter or not. I did my best that I could do yesterday. ??? Now turn up the m ??? ??? I need it in my life, yeah ??? I know I have what it takes to potentially win this thing, but I need a yes for paige and for jade. 

[00:14:58]


>> How are you? 
>> Good. 
[California King Bed by Rihanna] 
>> Okay. So, paige... 
>> Yes? 
>> I wanna start off by saying there's nobody in the world that can say that you are not a beautiful, gorgeous person who has that star quality about her. Unfortunately, it's not just about that. 
>> Yeah, I know. 
>> And each week, we needed to see you grow. 
>> I know I have something in me. I know it, and, know... This whole journey has just been, like, up and down for me a little bit 'cause not only am i trying to collect my nerves as a contestant alone. Like, I'm a mother too. 
>> I have no doubt that whatever your future holds... 
>> This is all I got. 
>> You're going to continue to be a wonderful mother. 
>> [exhales] JUST-- 
>> The question is, is this the right journey for you? 
>> I believe it is. I do. 
>> ??? Just when I felt like ??? ??? giving up on us ??? ??? you turned around ??? ??? and gave me one last touch ??? 
>> all of that being said, I made my decision. 
>> [sniffles] 
>> ??? My eyes got wetter ??? ??? so confused when I asked you ??? ??? if you love me ??? ??? but I don't wanna ??? ??? seem so weak ??? ??? maybe I've been ??? ??? california dreaming ??? ??? yeah-eh-eh-eh ??? 
>> you're going through to the final four. 
>> [cries] 
>> ??? California king bed ??? 
>> congratulations. 
>> Oh, my gosh! Sorry! 
[giggling] 
>> ??? A thousand miles apart ??? 

[00:17:01]


>> oh, my god. Don't pass out. 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> Thank you. Congratulations. 
>> Thank you. 
>> Mm-hmm. 
>> [sniffles] 
>> ??? My california king ??? ??? ??? ??? my california king ??? 
>> [sighs and cries] 
>> Dang, girl, calm down. 
>> I can't. My face is numb. I made it. I'm so happy. Now I can just come out and just really show the world what I can do. I'm so excited. I'm ready. I'm so ready, and I'm so happy and blessed to make it to live shows. I really am. 
>> ??? My california king ??? ] flavor. Experts in aroma. They're the world championship cheese judges. 

[00:20:18]


[ air horn blowing ] And while they might seem kind of odd to you -- like this guy -- we just love them. And at the 2012 championship, they awarded cracker barrel gold for cheddar for its rich, full flavor. Thanks cheese geniuses. Cracker barrel. It's cheddar, perfected. Rachel and sam have a house. Now they want a home. A home where everything feels like it's designed just for them. Where the styles they love fit into the wallet they have. Big or small they want furniture that makes life better. That's why they visit us. We're more than a home improvement store. We're ikea, the life improvement store. 
>> So it's down to two--jillian and cece--but I can only take one with me to live shows. 

[00:22:19]


>> Like, this could be it. This could be the start of a completely different life or going home. I'm really hoping it's the answer that I want. I have come such a long way, not only in this competition, but as a person as well. The first time I stepped onstage at the first audition, I mean, I had never been so scared in my entire life. ??? Seeing is deceiving ??? ??? dreaming is believing ??? ??? it's okay not to be okay ??? I'm not that bullied little caterpillar anymore. I'm not just sitting there, taking all the mental, emotional abuse. ??? You're keepin' me ??? ??? do-o-own ??? I am a butterfly. This is my opportunity to fly, and this is my--this is my time, and I believe that with all my heart. 
>> Just, I don't know what's going on through my head. 
>> Yeah. 
>> I just can't go back and sell stamps. 
>> [sniffles] 
>> Getting a yes today will change my life in more ways than I can count on all my fingers and toes. This whole experience has changed me little by little. When I went to my first audition, I was cece. I was a boss. I was here to work. ??? You're the kinda guy ??? ??? a girl finds ??? ??? in a blue moon ??? ??? hey, you got soul ??? ??? you got class ??? ??? you got style ??? ??? and you're bad ??? and slowly, as I've gone along, I've just gotten to know myself. ??? Oh yeah ??? I'm worried because even though I do believe in myself... ??? Oh, whoo, whoo, girl ??? ??? look at that body ??? demi could see something totally different. 
>> Got the sassiness. You've got the rock star quality inside of you, and sometimes, it borderlines a little bit unlikable. 
>> I just want it so much. If I get a no today, it means i go home, and it means that i have to go back to work on monday morning. I'm gonna be devastated, absolutely devastated. 

[00:24:31]


[Fix Youby Coldplay] ??? ??? 
>> I want that yes so bad. It means everything. It can't be over. 
>> I need to hear a yes today so badly. I just need that. I need that word. 
>> Hi. 
>> Hi. 
>> How are you? 
>> Terrified. 
>> How are you? 
>> Good. 
>> That's jill. That's jill. 
>> Jillian. 
>> HI. [laughs] 
>> You are so extremely talented, and everyone can see that. Cece, I told you that it was going to be difficult trying to find a balance between on fire, fierce with attitude in a way where people can still relate to you. The problem is, is this competition is based on more than just incredible vocals. Yesterday, when you sang, I knew that you took my advice, but it went a little overboard. 
>> [sniffles] I tried really hard. 
[cries] 
>> Sometimes, I have to make some really, really tough decisions. 
>> ??? Tears come streaming ??? ??? down your face ??? 
>> I promised myself I wouldn't cry. I promised. 
[cries] This just means everything. 
[hiccups] 
>> Jillian... Cece... 
>> ??? Lights will guide ??? 
>> I've made my decision. 
>> ??? You home ??? ??? and ignite your bones ??? 

[00:26:39]


>> and you're going home. 
>> ??? And I will try ??? 
>> I'm so sorry. 
>> [sobs] 
>> ??? To fix you ??? ??? ??? 
>> [sobs] 
>> She is so overjoyed. 
>> ??? Lights will guide ??? ??? you home ??? 
>> thank you. 
>> ??? And ignite your bones ??? 
>> [cries] 
>> ??? And I will try ??? ??? to fix you ??? 
>> are you serious? ??? ??? 
>> [cries] 
>> You did everything you could, okay? And we know we've worked so hard for so long, for so long together, okay? 
>> It sucks. 
[sobbing in distance] Oh, my god. 
[both crying] ??? ??? you're in my final four. 
>> [sobs] 
>> [laughs] COME HERE. 
>> [sobs] ??? ??? 
[sniffles] 
>> Go celebrate. 
>> [laughs] ??? ??? I'm from the middle of nowhere, and I get to come back, and i get to see it again, and I get to be here and work here and live the dream, you know? I don't have to be in a place where I don't belong anymore, and it just feels unbelievable. 

[00:28:46]


>> ??? And I will try ??? 
>> [sobs] 
>> Shh. 
>> Today is the day. 
>> I've got six acts, but I can only take four through. I have made a decision. 
>> Simon has our fate in his hands. 
>> It's bad news. 
>> [crying] OH, MY GOD. Cheddar... Bacon...Onion. Yeah it's a... It's threemendous. ?????? ?????? threemendous. ?????? ?????? threemendous. 

[00:31:25]


[ Male Announcer ] SAY HELLO to McDonald's new... 
[ Basketball announcer ] THREEMENDOUS! 
[ Male Announcer ] CBO. Smooth cheddar, crispy bacon, grilled onions ON THE Angus Third Pounder OR Premium Chicken Sandwiches. Cbo... The simple joy of... Threemendous. Yeeeah. ] lasting nourished THAT'S WHY NEW Dove Style + Care Frizz Free Cream Serum NOURISHES AND CONDITIONS, Keeping hair smooth shiny and free from flyaways. NEW Dove Style + Care Frizz Free Cream Serum. Better style through better care. 
>> I'm here in miami, my place. My category is groups. I've got emblem3. I've got sister c, playback, dope crisis, lyric 145, and lylas. I've got six acts, but I can only take four through. Today, very simply for these contestants, it's the moment of truth. 
>> Grab my mom's lucky ring. Okay, man. This is it. 
>> Eveing's riding on this moment, everything we've ever worked on. 
>> Simon has our fate in his hands. It's just weird thinking that the decision's already made, you know? Our emotions are on a roller coaster. 
>> This right here is going to be the determination of our future. 
>> If we weren't here, would we be doing something greater than this? Definitely not. 
>> It's crazy to think that in a few hours, our futures are gonna change. 
>> If we didn't get a yes today, I would feel like we're back at square one. To go home now would just blow. 
>> It does not get any bigger than this. We just gotta hope for the best. 
[uplifting music] ??? ??? 

[00:33:25]


>> yep, this is it, man. 
>> Can't be our time to go. There's no other way that we can think at it. 
>> This whole experience has just been motivation. 
>> It was like the first audition was intense because you don't really know what to expect. This is, like, I'm pretty sure it's one of the biggest things that anybody here has ever done in their life. ??? You out here giving ??? ??? these rappers more credit ??? ??? than they deserve ??? ??? but lyric the landlord ??? ??? is evictin' them to the curb ??? ??? my word ??? ??? I am a problem unsolved ??? ??? and all these other ??? ??? hard rappers ??? ??? getting unthawed ??? 
>> ??? hey demi ??? ??? you really got somethin' ??? ??? that I need ??? ??? I see you trying to flirt ??? ??? I just hope you not a tease ??? ??? yo, my team, how we runnin' ??? ??? you thinkin' it was ??? ??? a stampede ??? ??? andre, what you rollin' with ??? ??? son? ??? 
>> I've heard some of the best talent I ever heard in my life since I've been here, but I've never seen this before, and i just think that the world is ready for something different, and I think that's what it means to be the x factor. ??? Uh, hopped out the plane ??? ??? at the l.A.X. ??? ??? with my dream ??? ??? and my cardigan ??? ??? welcome to the land ??? ??? of the fame and sex ??? 
>> both: ??? WHOA ??? 
>> ??? Are we gonna fit in? ??? 
>> it's crazy to think. I mean, like, this could be the life that we are living, you know, in some time. 
>> The lives that we were living before, we were trying to survive. It was more like survival instead of living. Right now, we're living. 
[What Ifby Jason Derulo] 
>> So much of my passion comes from growing up in flint, michigan. When you come from a situation like that, you don't have a choice but to win. ??? ??? 
>> how are you? 
>> Good. 
>> How do you think you did? 
>> We definitely put our all. I left my voice on the stage, LITERALLY. [chuckling] 
>> Well, I felt for you, yesterday, the pressure. When you've got five days to compete with bands who've been together for years, that's quite a daunting thing to do. What I did like about the song was--is that I love the humor you brought into it. I like the fact that you are performers, and you had fun with it. Unfortunately, as you know, we've only got limited spaces for the live finals, and I have to put people, if I'm being honest with you, who I believe are gonna absolutely blow people away. 

[00:35:33]


So what it comes down to: Do we make a good decision or a bad decision doing this? And I have made a decision. 
>> ??? What if ??? ??? what if ??? ??? what if ??? 
>> it was a good decision. 
>> Yes! 
>> [laughs] 
>> ??? We can't tell ??? ??? the future, no ??? 
>> I've made a very good decision. Love you guys. 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> Oh, my god. 
>> Oh, my god. 
>> You deserve it. 
>> God, thank you, thank you. 
>> I love you guys. 
>> We're grateful to be here. We love the experience and everything that's happened so far, but we're ready to go on and keep going and keep stepping. Like, definitely, we're just hungry, hungry, hungry. 
[Breathe In, Breathe Out by Mat Kearney] ??? ??? 
>> it's the longest walk ever. 
>> Yeah. I thought our performance yesterday went really, really well. ??? Girl, you got my heartbeat ??? ??? running away ??? 
>> ??? whoo ??? 
>> ??? beating like a drum ??? ??? and it's coming your way ??? going back to philly would suck. I feel like we've worked so hard to become good, so basically, if it's no, then you're not. What's goin' on, simon? 
>> Everything is fine, and you? 
>> Doing good, man. 
>> Just a little nervous. 
>> You had a long night, right? 
>> Yes, very long night. 
>> Yes. 
>> How do you think you did? 
>> I thought we did great. 
>> Yeah? 
>> I do, I feel like we put our heart and soul out there. 
>> I thought you could not have put anything more into that performance. 
>> Thank you. 
>> I genuinely feel that. Um, the difficulty I've had is, do I see you as recording artists? Where do you fit in the market? Could you take the place of somebody else? I have come to a decision. 
>> Okay. 
>> ??? Breathe in ??? ??? and breathe out ??? ??? breathe in ??? 
>> it's bad news. I'm afraid you didn't make i 

[00:37:33]


>> okay. 
>> I'm really, really sorry to tell you this. 
>> Okay. Cool. 
>> It is very sad that it wasn't enough. Our best wasn't enough. Time here is done. It's over. 
>> [sighs] WOW. 
>> Our first audition was, like, so epic. It was amazing. ??? Let's take a trip ??? ??? to sunset boulevard ??? ??? in the city of stars ??? ??? the city of blinding lights ??? ??? and starry eyes ??? ??? I said now welcome ??? ??? to the city of angels ??? it was a great experience. Really, a lot of learning. It was hard work, and it really showed that, you know, this job isn't just all fun and games. 
>> We're from cali, so, like, that's totally part of our lifestyle is to work hard, play hard. 
>> We are focused. We want this. This is an awesome opportunity. Yesterday, we had, like, an incident in the middle of our performance. 
[acoustic pop music] ??? ??? bring it around. One more. ??? Yeah, I resolve ??? ??? to call her up ??? 
>> all: ??? A THOUSAND TIMES ??? ??? A day ??? 
>> you lost your way a bit there, didn't you? 
>> It was a really humbling experience. 
[Somewhere Only We Know by Keane] If we got a no today, I mean, I would be absolutely disappointed. 
>> Oh, yeah, if the experience ended today, um, I would feel like we're back at square one. 
>> Restart, basically. 
>> Simon. 
>> You in a hurry to hear the news, aren't you? 
>> Yeah, what's going on? I'm freaking out. I feel, personally, like we've done pretty good. I don't know how you do. Um, we really wanna work with you, man. You're the best in the business, and we just have to make you wanna work with us. So we're trying to give you-- we wanna give you everything that we got, man. 
>> I appreciate that. Um, I have been impressed with you from the minute I first saw you. The very first audition, this was the first time when I got excited about a group. I always like originality. I like people who have charisma. And you're fun. What I did pick up, unfortunately, I didn't feel, yesterday, you were quite as rehearsed as the others. When you got this much on the line, even 100% is not enough. 

[00:40:05]


>> Yeah. I understand. ??? ??? hey, we did our best, right? 
>> No, I don't think you did. I don't think you did your best. It was good, but I would've expected better. 
>> I know yesterday may not have been top, but, dude, we're ready to do this, like, for real. I'm ready to give my everything. I'm-- 
>> this is it. 
>> This is it. I mean, I breathe and sleep music. That's it. That's all I wanna do. 
>> I made a decision last night, guys, and you know me. I like to work with winners. ??? ??? I think you're winners. 
>> Holy-- 
>> stop it. 
[overlapping chatter] 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> You gotta stop doing that, man! You're making me grow old too fast. 
>> Seriously, I'm getting gray hairs. 
>> I swear, every single time, I get another chest hair. 
>> ??? End of everything ??? ??? so why don't we go ??? ??? somewhere only we know ??? 
>> we need to step up our game. We need to take this very seriously. Uh, yes, we are really chill and laid-back, but we have to step it up and show the audience now, who are completely involved with live shows, that we really care, and we really want this. 
>> The xtra factor app presented by verizon has all new features for season two. Call ????xf from your mobile phone to download the xtra factor app now and be ready to vote for your favorite act. announce return of THE XTRA FACTOR??? APP from Verizon. They wanted to make a huge deal out of it. Make a big production about all the new improved features. Really celebrate how amazingly connected to the show you can be. And I thought that would all be a bit too showy. So obviously I said yes. The xtra factor??? app presented by Verizon. Call star-star-XF on your smartphone or download to your tablet. 

[00:46:09]


[White Horseby Taylor Swift] ??? ??? 
>> I'm here in miami, my place. My category is groups. I've got three groups left: The boy band we formed at boot camp, playback, sister c, and lylas, and only two can go through. And I think ere's one act who are gonna be devastated. 
>> ??? Say you're sorry ??? ??? that face of an angel ??? ??? comes out ??? ??? just when you need it to ??? 
>> it's just a waiting game, and our fate has already been decided. Nobody wants to go home after all the hard work, and after we've come this far, it'd be devastating. 
>> It's definitely been a struggle coming from texas, and we're used to playing on these teeny-tiny stages, to working on this giant stage with an audience that's massive. 
>> all: ??? GOT A HIGH-RISE FLAT ??? ??? In hollywood ??? ??? from a married man ??? ??? wasn't up to no good ??? 
>> what I'm worried about is, are people gonna like you? Because you do come over a little bit standoffish. 
>> We performed in front of simon, and I think we did the best we could with it. 
>> ??? You'll be okay ??? ??? in time, baby ??? ??? but it won't be today ??? 
>> both: ??? WALK AROUND ??? 
>> ??? And take a look ??? ??? at the bed that you ma-a-ade ??? 
>> I think if we were to proceed from here, people would really see how just goofy and normal girls we are. 
>> It's a sign. 
>> It's a good sign. Your rainy day is going away. 
>> ??? Regrets collect ??? ??? like old friends ??? 
>> we're definitely feeling some heat. It would be devastating if we weren't to move on. 
>> Hello, girls. 
>> all: HELLO. 
>> Bit of a sleepless night? 
>> Very. 
>> Yeah? So what did impress me yesterday is that when I heard you sing, I can imagine in the future recognizing you on radio. I think the three of you've got very, very distinct voices. I have had an issue in how much you kind of wanted this, whether people would support you. Talent is the most important thing, but then personality and likability is really, really important as well. And I have made the decision about whether you make it through to the live finals or not. 

[00:48:35]


>> ??? I'm gonna let it happen ??? ??? to me ??? 
>> I think america are gonna love you. 
>> [gasps] 
>> You've made it through to the finals. 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> Oh! 
>> [laughs] 
>> You are so-- 
>> we're gonna be in front of, like, millions and millions. Like, the whole nation. 
>> We're going to the live shows. 
>> We're going to the live shows. 
>> ??? Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ??? ??? ooh ooh ooh ooh ??? ??? ooh ooh ooh ooh ??? ??? ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ??? 
[Secretsby OneRepublic] 
>> So now, it's down to only two acts, the girl group lylas and the boy band playback. But there's only one spot left. >>'Ve dreamed of this my entire life, and now we're here together, and this moment is huge. 
>> We all came in as solo artists, and we all had our own thing that made us kind of, like, special. 
>> ??? All these people ??? ??? all these people ??? at my first audition, simon told me that he sees the steel in my eyes. 
>> You've got that steel in your eyes and ambition. 
>> I really hope that he still feels the same way and that he believes in our group. 
>> When we were told that we were going home, we were knocked down. 
>> A lot of you really deserve to go further. I'm really sorry. Thank you very mucindeed. 
>> We were just on the verge of just giving up. We were given another chance. 
>> You are all invited to the judges' homes. 
[cheers and laughter] 
>> We really took our second chance seriously, making sure that we've done all that we can to stay here. 
>> ??? You're a rich girl ??? ??? and it's goin' too far ??? ??? 'cause you know ??? ???t don't matter anyway ??? 
>> all: HEY! ??? You can rely ??? ??? on your old man's money ??? ??? you can rely ??? ??? on your old man's money ??? 
>> the last thing I wanna do is be further from my girlfriend tori another year. A yes today would totally fix all my problems and all of our problems, really. 
>> You get the opportunity to become a group. You just can't have that stripped away from you. 

[00:50:38]


>> Exactly. 
>> We've all had this dream for a very long time. To get a no and go back home, that would be the end of us. 
>> It's the worst thing I could ever imagine. 
>> It would feel like everything we've worked for just kind of disappeared. 
>> This morning, we're feeling nervous. It's crazy to think that our futures are gonna change. 
[singing] We entered the competition, all of us, as solo artists, and then we got eliminated. 
>> I'm really sorry. Thank you very much indeed. 
>> And it was so sad and devastating for us all, you know? And then all of a sudden-- 
>> you are all invited to the judges' homes. 
[shrieking and laughter] 
>> I think it's really impressive, the fact that we were thrown together, five individuals. I--i'm honestly very, very proud of absolutely every one of us. 
>> all: ??? IMPOSSIBLE ??? ??? Impossible ??? ??? impossible ??? ??? impossible ??? 
>> we have worked so well together in these past few days, and we have bonded as not only performers and artists but friends. 
>> It would actually mean everything to me if we make it to the next round. My family sacrificed so much. I just wanna, um, make them very proud of me. 
[Against All Oddsby Westlife featuring Mariah Carey] ??? ??? 
>> if he says no, like, if this is--this might be it for our group, and if he says yes, like, this is just the beginning. 
>> ??? Walk away ??? 
>> our fate lies in the hands of simon right now. We're a few steps away. All we need is a yes today. 
>> ??? When I stand here ??? ??? taking every breath ??? 
>> hello, boys. 
>> Hey, simon. 
>> What's up? 
>> Right. How are we feeling? A little nervous? 
>> Yes. 
>> Just a little bit, yeah. 
>> I've kind of been in this place before, you know, where groups have been put together from the show. Sometimes, it doesn't work. Sometimes, it has worked spectacularly well. 

[00:52:43]


>> ??? So take a look at me now ??? 
>> I was very, very impressed with your vocals. 
>> ??? There's just ??? ??? an empty space ??? 
>> and there was a great energy, and I felt a friendship and a chemistry. But you do understand that when I put someone into the live shows, I have to have total and utter confidence that they can deliver under an awful lot of pressure. 
>> ??? You're the only one ??? 
>> but I have made a decision. 
>> ??? Who really knew me at all ??? 
>> ??? so take a look at me now ??? ??? there's just an empty space ??? 
>> it's bad news. 
>> ??? And there's nothing ??? ??? left here to remind me ??? ??? just the memory of your face ??? ??? so take a look at me now ??? 
>> I'm really sorry, but it's been a pleasure meeting you all. 
>> Thank you very much. 
>> ??? There's just ??? ??? an empty space ??? ??? but to wait for you ??? 
>> it just sucks to go home. 
>> To have to tell the people that you love most that you messed it up? It's the worst feeling in the world. 
>> ??? But to wait for you ??? ??? is all I can do ??? ??? and that's what ??? ??? I've gotta face ??? 
>> you are through. 
[shrieking] 
[Simon laughs and applauds] 
>> Oh, my god! 
[overlapping chatter] 
>> Come here, girls. Come here and give me-- 
[shrieking] Oh, my god. 
>> Thank you so much. 
>> I was seriously, seriously blown away, as was marc. ??? ??? 
[screaming] 
>> Mom? 
>> Hi, baby. 
>> We made it to the live show! 
[shrieking] 
[giggling] 
>> Hello, ally's mommy! 
>> all: HI! 
>> I still can't believe that we made it to the live show! 
[shrieking] 
>> Oh, my gosh! ] come on, kid. I'm drew brees. And I'm harry. Who? From one direction. Platinum album. Es. Won the super bowl. On the cover. Mvp. OH, YEAH? [ girls screaming ] YEAH. [ crowd cheering ] If you give him the pepsi, you can be in the band. Really? ?????? And never, never, never stop for anyone ?????? ?????? tonight let's get some ?????? ?????? and live while we're young ?????? >>next week, the x factorgoes live, and fighting for a shot at the $5 million recording contract are britney spears and the teens... 

[00:56:35]


>> Carly rose sonenclar is like an angel. 
>> ??? Oh whoa ??? 
>> her voice is completely flawless. She's a true star. Beatrice miller has the look, she has the personality, and she has the voice, which I think is gonna be very intimidating to the other teams. Arin ray is the whole package. I feel like his voice has so much personality into it, and when he performs, it shines through. 
>> And diamond white. 
>> Diamond white is a spitfire. I think she's really funky and spunky, and I think she's gonna really surprise us. 
>> Demi lovato and the young adults... 
>> ??? All day long ??? 
>> willie jones is so original and incredibly unique. There's absolutely nothing like him in this competition. Paige thomas--no doubt she's a superstar. You can tell when she walks in a room, everything about her is a star. She has what it takes to win. Jennel--she's got the attitude, and she has one of the best voices in this entire competition, and I'm so excited that she's in my group. 
>> And cece frey. 
>> Cece has a stage presence. She may not be the most likable person in the competition, but I believe that I can get america to fall in love with her. 
>> L.A. REID AND THE OVER 25s... 
>> David correy has as great voice and talent and charm, so I expect big things from david correy. Jason brock's voice is angelic. This a very tough category, but this is flamboyance at its finest. Tate stevens is someone that you have to take seriously. He's the real deal. He is an american classic. 
>> And vino alan. 
>> Vino alan may have the strongest voice in the entire competition. He's the greatest example of, "don't judgeby its cover." 
>> And simon cowell and the groups... 
>> I love this group of girls. I see massive, massive potential here. They look great. They have great voices. I think they're professional, I think they sound great, and you just don't ignore talent. I like this combination. The two guys needed her, and she needed the two guys, and they're different. 

[00:58:55]


>> And emblem3. 
>> I think they could be the surprise in this competition. They're funny, difficult, trouble, but everything I like in a boy band. 
>> The battle is officially on. 
>> This is where it gets competitive. 
>> Now it gets serious. 
>> They just have no idea what's coming their way. 
>> That's the x factor,live NOVEMBER 1st, 8:00/7:00 CENTRAL. 

﻿Title: TMZ
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> You have to. 
>> Y 
>> jessica simpson showing off her sexy legs. 
>> How does she look? 
>> Frickin' awesome. She's got great legs. 
>> Doesn't look awesome over here. 
>> Sheks great. 
>> It looks like they put high heels on a bowl. 
[Laughter] 
>> cee lo green in new york. 
>> I feel like I have a good voice. Can you turn around if you like my voice turn around like you do on "the voice." 
>> Cee lo says ok. 
>> What did he think? 
>> Givis a simple ?????? girl if i told you I need you ?????? 
>> we all turn our seats around? 
>> That's not bad. 
>> For years, larger women have sought a leader, a rotund ruler, a corpulent commander and now they may have found her. Yeah, christina aguilera! Wait, do we have a better angle ah. 
>> It's big and it's beautiful and this website wants it extrembad. 
>> Yes, christina's put on a few healthy pounds and plus sized dating website, the big and the beautiful dot com, run by former america's next top model winner, whitney thompson, is offering x-tina their 3 million to be a spokesperson. 
>> They are a legitimate plus sized dating service. 
>> As opposed to what? Have you seen the tv commercial for this thing? 
>> It has a wonderful jingle. ?????? You like them big, you like them chunky, you like them round ?????? 
>> why am I hungry all of a sudden? 
>> Because you hungry for love, son. 
>> Big and beautiful dot com. 
>> Hell of an offer but will christina take it? 
>> No, ian't imagine. 
>> Why not think about it. 
>> We've already got a potential list of clients. 
>> I was on a chubby chasing website. I took a photo with this larger woman. She had enormous breasts so i was, like -- 

[00:02:08]


>> I have that picture of me with the huge chicks in vegas, too. 
>> You guys are [beep]. 
>> Go eat a double cheeseburger and then maybe you can talk smack. 
>> Thanks, christina! She's big and she's beautiful. 
>> Dot com. 
>> Hi, sofia. 
>> We have sofia vergara. She actually speaks to us. She's leaving pomieri. 
>> What are you going to be for halloween? 
>> Good question for sofia vergara because every woman is slutty of one sort of a another. 
>> I'm going to be a coffee bean. 
>> She's going to be a slutty coffee bean for halloween. 
>> I like it. 
>> She'll be able to pull it off. 
>> I was thinking I got nothing. 
>> You should be cy. 
>> I'd be murdered. 
>> You got to do something. 
>> I can't think of anything. 
>> You have to. 
>> You could be zsa zsa. 
>> Oh, we will push you out in a bed! Please do that and you can come out in a bed. You have poput your knee underneath you. Charles can be your prince honey hole. 
>> Have a good night. 
>> How you doing, brother? 
>> Good, man, you? 
>> Awesome joey fatone because you're just the guy to ask about your bestest bud in the world, justin timberlake's wedding to jessica biel this weekend. 
>> Where was he? 
>> In zen. It's? Studio city, I think. 
>> But the wedding was in italy. 
>> Did you go to justin's wedding, by any chance? 
>> I'm here. 
>> And you're very, very late unless -- 
>> apparently not all the guys from 'n sync went to justin's wedding. 
>> Oh, my god. Kiss all your illusions about 'n sync being life-long super buds, bause 'n sync were not entirely in attendance at jason's big day. And it gets worst. 
>> Did you get him any gifts? 
>> Did I get him any gifts? He's got everything. 
>> He didn't even give justin a gift. 

[00:04:10]


>> What about the others? 
>> We know lance didn't go because he went to an event in hollywood. 
>> So joey and lance didn't go or weren't invited. 
>> How did christopher kirkpatrick get invited and these two didn't. 
>> We don't know that chris was invited, just that he tweeted he was going to italy this weekend. He could be there to pick up cannoli and more bad fashion for all we know. 
>> I'm sure those guys got invited. 
>> We are not sure of anything anymore, especially the whereabouts this is man. Thanks, joey fatone for destroying o perception of 'n sync and friendship and life in general. 
>> Take care. 
>> The kids going to get in on the family business, man. 
>> We have tito ortiz and jenna jameson outside the l.A. Sports museum with their kids. And we say -- 
>> if they could be anything you chose, would you not want them ever to fight? 
>> If they get their master's degree, that would be fine. 
>> If I had a kid and my kid could be a porn star or a boxer where they would get brain injuries -- 
>> you would rather your kid be a porn star than a fighter? 
>> You're really saying this? 
>> I'm really saying it. 
>> Harvey, the porn industry is not something you would wish on anybody. I've never met a porn actress that's like, my life is awesome. 
>> Who's the guy in "the canyons" with lindsay lohan. 
>> James dean. 
>> James dean. Seems like a perfectly happy guy. 
>> They're happy until they're 45. 
>> I know a lot of lawyers who are miserable at 55 because they don't want to be lawyers anymore. 
>> Earlier than 55 sometimes. 
>> Earlier than 55 sometimes. 
[Laughter] 
>> you guys take care. 
>> And now, harvey levin misses the point, guest starring heidi klum. 
>> Heidi klum sticking the knife in seal's back. She went out to the museum with the bodyguard, all the kids and she's aring a shirt that says, "when we have each other, we have everything." 
>> She is knifing him. 
>> She is brutal. 

[00:06:11]


>> Her marriage is over and she's flaunting her new relationship with the bodyguard, even her kids think he's hot. 
>> She's cutting him with t-shirts. 
>> Right. That's what really stings about this photo, the fashion. 
>> She's replacing him as a dad. That's the part where it hurts. 
>> But she's worn other t-shirts that have kind of -- 
>> he may be right. Like this one, "new balance." She must be telling seal she's regained her cr. Or this one, o, actually to a o's, which could be a message about her sex life. 
>> O, o, o, you know what I'm talking about. 
>> No, it's an 86. Seal's been 86'd. Maybe there is something to harvey's crazy theory. Got any more crazy? 
>> You can create all these t-shirts for heidi klum and stand by her door, want to by this when she comes out of the driveway. This one will stick it to him. 
>> Like this one? Right, because seal and the bodyguard. Yeah, seal won't like that. Thanks, heidi's shirt. 
>> How you been, good to see you? How's everything been with you? 
>> My life is fair. 
>> Cee lo green in new york. This is adam. He said, let's play a little game with you here. 
>> I feel like I have a good voice. Can you turn around and if you like my voice turn around like you do on "the voice" and see if you like it. 
>> Which was really, really good. So cee lo says, ok. 
>> Oh, my god, he plays? 
>> He plays along. 
>> Here we go. ?????? Girl if I told you I loved you ?????? 
>> I sang 112 cupid, it's one of those songs that's good for my voice. 
[Laughter] 
>> he has a really good voice? 
>> Let's hear it. ?????? Girl if I told you I need you it doesn't mean that I should care and when I told you I need you ?????? that's good, that's serious, that's not bad. 

[00:08:13]


>> He sings this. Cee lo turns around. You like that? 
>> You should go on adam's team. 
[Laughter] 
>> I love that! 
>> Good seeing you, thank you, bro. 
>> Coming up -- 
>> chris pratt and anna faris. Chris pratt gained a bunch of weight for a role. What are you going to do to lose the weight? 
>> Jessica simpson showing off her sexy legs. 
>> How does she look? 
>> Frickin' awesome. She's got great legs. 
>> It looks like they put high heels on a bowl or something. ith over 3,000 costumes in store and online all at 50% off ...great deals on fun size candy AND special offers just for Shop Your Way members... ...Kmart is the scene for Halloween 
>> We have len goodman, judge on "dancing with the stars." We said who would be the best contestant on "dancing with the stars"? 
>> Charles, the black guy. 
>> Abs Sensations Spread FROM The Laughing Cow. 

﻿Title: TMZ
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/22/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> I tell you what I am, I've justlown in from london. I'm gorgeous. 
>> We have len goodman, judge on "dancing with the stars." We said, which -- he says he watches "tmz" all the time and we said who would be the best contestant on "dancing with the stars." 
>> Harvey's a natural. He's got that natural move about m, hasn't! He? 
>> Charles, the black guy. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Charles has dreadlocks. 
>> That's right. That would be interesting, wouldn't it? 
>> You'll probably have to cut his hair. 
>> It wouldn't look good in ballroom. 
>> That is ridiculous. That's messed up. I'm siding with my brother to the left. 
>> It's like a blaxploitation movie in this room sometimes, i swear to good to. My brother, he's got rhythm. 
>> Power to the people. 
>> What? 
>> Nice to talk to you. 
>> You, as well. 
>> You said that he went and told you street business? 
>> I'm saying that's on our website. 
>> That's our camera guy getting scared at a quickly approaching katt williams who -- what does katt do? 
>> You're like afrosheen, some white people have heard you -- of you but known knows what you do. 
>> Faizon love ker. 
>> What was the initial beef six months ago that was simmering. 
>> Faizon wouldn't say but we asked katt all about it. When we ran into him over the weekend. 
>> You're telling me faizon said on "tmz" that I did what? 
>> That a gun was pulled. 
>> You're saying he's a snitch? He's a bald faced rat? 
>> These are the allegations. 
>> He told you street business? 
>> Kidding. He's alive and well for now but didn't katt seem a bit upset for the wrong reasons? 

[00:02:04]


>> He didn't say faizon was lying. He said, you're a snitch, but he didn't say it's not true. He definitely is saying faizon's telling the truth. You have to be worried if you're faizon love at this point. 
>> Faizon love is a big dude, dude. 
>> Yeah, but so is this guy with katt. Just watch your back, faizon. 
>> If you were you, I'd stay away from him. 
>> Oh, yeah. 
>> Great to see you, katt and let's keep the guns to ourselves in the future. Ok? 
>> Bang, b 
>> run! 
>> Jessica simpson walking around. 
>> How does she look? 
>> Frickin' awesome. She has great legs. 
>> Pass it over and I can judge because she's doing a job right now. I am judging her performance. 
>> It looks like they put high heels on a bowl or something. 
[Laughter] 
>> can't you give her a little credit? 
>> Gnarly. 
>> She doesn't look good. She looks like she needs to get on the elliptical and never stop. She should be wearing sneakers in that. 
>> What does it matter? 
>> Because she got paid. That's what makes me angry. 
>> You could say what does it matter about everything we talk. 
[Laughter] at the end of the day, we are not talking about social change here. 
>> Coming up -- 
>> billy bob thornton. We say, dude, you just listed the mansion you used to live in with angelina jolie and he said it's not a mansion, just a house. It's an 11,000 square foot house with nine beds and 10 baths. 

[00:04:43]


>> Eric roberts, we say, on one side you have money. On the other side you have puppies hanging from a tree 
>> you can buy more puppies. 
>> Tmz online and on your phone 24/7. 
>> So bored of your ipad you're using it as a drink coaster? Give your pad purpose with the new and awesomely improved tmz app for ipad with super high resolution photo galleries, videos, stories and it's easier to navigate the octomom's birth canal. Go to the app store and get the all new tmz app for ipad and cue the annoying little guy. The price is free. Still annoying. 

[00:07:04]


>> How you doing, man? 
>> Hey, it's some dude in an alley. What's going on here? Are we buying meth? 
>> Billy bob thornton in an alley. Just walking through an alley. He's awesome. He's in a great mood. We say -- 
>> I heard you listed the mansion you used to share with angelina jolie for sale. 
>> It's not a mansion. 
>> It's not? 
>> Just a house. 
>> An 11,000 square foot house with nine beds and 10 baths, library and recording studio. 
[Laughter] 
>> and it would make a nice starter home for a young family that has $10 million! 
>> Every realtor who shows it will say angelina lives there. 
>> Absolutely. 
>> Why would anybody buy the house because angelina jolie lived there? 
>> Duh, because it's iconic like sharon tate's house or the brady bunch house. Or that house from poltergeist. Remember her? She's dead now, sad. Point is, people want to live where famous people live. 
>> My boyfriend lives in the old tom jones house. 
>> Your boyfriend lives in the tom jones house? Not the brick one? 
>> The little one, I've done my research, the other one. 
[Laughter] 
>> if we are going on a date, i need to know whose house you own. 
>> She likes money. 
>> Check out billy bob thornton's house. It's the closest you can get to being angelina short of skinning her and wearing the skin around, which you shouldn't ever do. Thanks, billy bob. 
>> Thanks a lot. 
>> Have a good day, buddy. 
>> You, too. 
>> We have brian grazer. Did you know he's writing a book? 
>> No, but it doesn't surprise me. 
>> What I've done for 27 years, once I realized I had a tiny fraction of power, I used it as a bridge to meet people that are expert in anything other than the movie business -- science, medicine, politics, religion -- and I'm writing a book that tries to bring structure to curiosity. 
>> I love it. I love it. 
>> Could I ask you who you feel like imaybe the top -- I don't want to say because -- 

[00:09:09]


>> I love jonas salk, created the polio vaccine. 
>> He got to meet him before he died. 
>> Wow. 
>> That's cool. 
>> That is so cool. 
>> I'd like to mt somebody who was part of the manhattan project. 
>> I don't think anything of them are left. 
>> I do. 
>> If they were 20, they'd be in their 90's now. 
>> It's possible. 
>> I don't know what kind of conversation that would be. "Bring me soup." 
>> And what would the other gu say to harvey? 
[Laughter] 
>> take care. 
>> Over and out. 
>> Coming up -- 
>> taylor swift was leaving g.M.A. And guess what, she is moving to the cod. 
>> I'm sorry, she looks like a mouse. ) much grandkids. I've been thinking about moving in with my daughter and her family. It's been pretty tough since jack passed away. It's a good thing you had life insurance through the colonial penn program. You're right. It was affordable, and we were guaranteed acceptance. Guaranteed acceptance? It means you can't be turned down because of your health. You don't have to take a physical or answer any health questions. Well, how do you know? Did you speak to alex trebek? Because I have a policy myself. It costs just $9.95 a month per unit. It's perfect for my budget. Affordable coverage and guaranteed acceptance? We should give them a call do you want to help pr from the burden of final expenses? If you're between 50 and 85, you can get quality insurance that does not require any health questions or a medical exam. Your rate of $9.95 a month per unit will never increase, and your coverage will never decrease. So call now and ask one of their representatives about a plan that meets your needs. Go call now! We'll finish up here. cream gone... But what about your wrinkles? Neutrogena???? rapid wrinkle repair visibly reduces fine lines and wrinkles in just one week. Why wait if you don't have to. Neutrogena????. day, fact. Alka-seltzer plus cold & cough may cause marked drowsiness. Try dayquil cold & flu for non-drowsy relief of these symptoms. So you can save the day, not worry about falling asleep. 

[00:13:21]


>> Get on the tmz hollywood tour, daytime, nighttime, seven days a week. We got nothing better to do. You never know who you'll see. 
>> Oh, my god! 
>> David spade, say hi to everybody on the tmz tour. 
>> I know you'd rather see bradley cooper. 
>> See stars like beverly hills housewives, cee lo green and jerry ferrara. See where all your favorite stars hang out -- the sunset strip, hollywood, fancy schmansy beverly hills. The tmz hollywood tour, we show you the real hollywood. 
>> Taylor swift, she was leaving g.M.A. And guess what, she is moving to the cod. 
>> She's like 20 years old. She's buying this multi-million dollar house because she's been going out with this guy for three months. 
>> Right. Bad move. 
>> I'm sorry, she looks like a mouse. 
>> Like a cat. 
>> What's wrong with that kennedy? 
>> He's a kennedy. 
>> It's legal there, now. Captioned by the national captioning institute 
---www.Ncicap.Org--- 

﻿Title: Way Too Early With Willie Geist
Description: Willie Geist offers his unique take on the day's news.
Channel: 356 - MNBC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 5:30:00 AM
Original Air Date: 7/26/2009
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Play it safe, agreeing with many of the presids positions all night. Good morning, I'm willie geist. This is another special edition of rockerfeller. We are set up again at rack's downtown eatery in boca raton. Last night the american public got its last side by side-view of the candidates before election day, two weeks from today. Polls showing this race as tight as it can be. The president and governor romney sought to leave an impression on the tens of millions of americans watching at home before they head to the voting booths. Let's go through what we saw in that debate hall last night at lynn university. The foreign policy issue many predicted would dominate the high, the attack in bengahzi essentially swept under the rug. Out of the gate, the candidates focusing on a wide range of issues from iran to afghanistan and for a while even the auto bailout. Less than five minutes into the debate, romney mentioned the death of osama bin laden. President obama came out as the aggressor and quickly fired back. 
>> We're seeing is a dramatic reversal in the kind of hopes we had for that region. The greatest threat of all is iran, four years closer to a nuclear weapon. And we're going to have to recognize that we have to do as the president has done. I congratulate him on taking out osama bin laden and going after the leadership in al qaeda. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. 
>> Governor romney, I'm glad you recognize thatl qaeda is a threat. A few months ago when you were asked what is the biggest geopolitical threat facing america, you said russia. Not al qaeda. Russia. The cold war has been over f 20 years. But, governor, when it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the foreign POLICIES OF THE 1980s, JUST LIKE THE SOCIAL POLICIES OF THE 1950s And the economic policies of the 1920s. 

[00:02:04]


>> Candidates in agreement on a lot of issues last night including on the exit strategy in afghanista surprising because governor romney criticized the past for announcing a timeline of 2014 saying he would instead consult military commanders on the ground and be flexible about it. Last night romney sided with president obama's plan to pull those troops out by 2014. 
>> We will be finished by 2014. And when I'm president, we'll make sure we bring our troops out by the end of 20 the commanders and the generals there are on track to do so. We've seen progress over the past several years. The surge has been successful. The training program is proceeding at pace. There are now a large number of afghan security forces, 350,000 that are rdy to step in to provide security. And we'll be able to make that transition by the end of 2014. 
>> On the question of handling iran and its nuclear program, governor romney agreed the united states should focus on crippling sanctions and consider military action only as a last resort. 
>> We need to increase pressure time and time again on iran because anything other than a solution to this which says -- which stops this nuclear folly of theirs is unacceptable to america. Of course a military action is the last resort. It's something one would only -- only consider if all of the other avenues had been tried to their full extent. 
>> I'm glad governor romney agrees with the steps we're taking. There have been times, governor, frankly during the course of this campaign where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same thing as we did, but you'd say them louder and somehow that would make a difference. It turns out the work involved in setting up these crippling sanctions is painstaking. It's meticulous. 
>> When asked at the debate, president obama shot down the "new york times" report over the weekend that said the obama administration agreed on bilateral talks with iran. In ohio it was no surprise that both candidates dug in their heels when the talk drifted to domestic policy, specifically about the auto bailout. 

[00:04:31]


>> I said these companies need go through a managed bankruptcy n that process they can get government help and guarantees, but they need to go through bankruptcy to get rid of excess costs and the -- 
>> governor romney, that's not what you said. 
>> You can take a look at the op-ed. I'm still talking. I said we would provide guarantees, that was what was able to allow these companies go through bankruptcy, come out of bankruptcy. Under no circumstances would i do anything other than to help this industry get on its feet. The idea that has been suggested that I would liquidate the industry, of course not. Of course not. 
>> Let's check the record. 
>> I never said I would liquidate the industry. 
>> Governor, the people of detroit don't forget. Anybody out there can check the record. Governor romney you keep on trying to air brush history here. You were very clear tha you would notrovide government assistance to the u.S. Auto companies even if theyent through bankruptcy. You said they could get it in the private marketplace. That wasn't true. They would have gone through a -- 
>> you're wrong, mr. President. 
>> You're wrong. 
>> I'm not wrong. 
>> People can look it up, you're right. 
>> People will look it up. 
>> Romney argued he wanted to take the companies through a managed bankruptcy where the auto manufacturers would get government help but also acquire private financing, financing romney's critics say was not available at the time. Romney made that argument in an op-ed called "let detroit go bankrupt." The romney campaign said time and time again the governor wrote the op-ed but not that headline. Remember a couple debates ago we were anticipating mitt romney zingers? The biggest zinger of last night came from president obama. When mitt romney was talking about the pentagon budget 
>> our navy is smaller now than at any time since 1917. The navy said they needed 313 ships to carry out their mission. We're down to 285. We're headed down to the low 200s IF WE GO THROUGH Sequestration. That's unacceptable to me. 

[00:06:42]


>> I think governor romney maybe has not spent enough time looking at how our military works. You mentioned the navy, and yes, sir have fewer ships than in 1916. Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. So the question is not a game of battleship where we are counting ships, it's what are our capabilities. 
>> The applause in this room are any indication, horses and bayonets was the line of the night. 
>>> Helping us brick that down is mark halperin, the author of "game change." If the first debate belonged to mitt romney, the second debate was president obama stopping the bleeding, what was this debate? 
>> Both guys getting done what they wanted to get done. The president wanted to show the united states he was an experienced commander in chief. You show what you have done, you have the kind of experience, knowledge and intelligence to show people I know how to do this part of the job. I thought the president did that we saw a number of exchanges where he schooled mitt romney to a large extent. Romney handled it okay. But the president made it clear, romnis inconsistent. Romney wanted to show people he's fluid in foreign policy. The president is right, there is a lot of holes in things mitt romney said last night versus the past, but he largely would send the signal to some voters i can do this job. I'm credible as commander in chief. Getting over that bar is what his goal was so people would move past that question and on to other issues. 
>> Even understanding the romney strategy if you were on twitter last night, reading the analysis afterwards, a lot of conservatives thought romney could have gone too far for applauding the president. I praise the president, I agree with the president actually. Was that part of the strategy? 

[00:08:53]


>> It was part of the strategy. He may have done it more than his own advisers would have liked. But the point was to suggest mature, responsible, that he would be a steady hand on foreign policy. That he's not a wmonger. By agreeing with the president, he took the edge off of that. The president is not scene quite as favorably as before, and governor romney wanted to get through this debate, having people see him as commander in chief and not have any gaffes. His advisers were relieved that while he had weak moment there's were no major gaffes. He didn't show anything that the press would focus on that would show ignorance about foreign policy or lack of a steady hand. 
>> Where do we go from here? Two weeks from today everybody goes to the polls and starts voting. Where will you be focusing the next two weeks? Is it all about ohio? 
>> Ohio is the key. This state is important, too. Governor romney must win florida to win, must win north carolina, almost certainly virginia. If he can win those three southern states, it will be a battle of ohio. You will see them campaigning other places, advertising other places, but ohio is the key to the election. That's why the auto exchange you showed was so important. Governor romney might have written the most costly op-ed piece. His proposals, his policies are such that he is still not explaining them well. Surprising to me even after last night, after all this time, he still didn't have a clean answer to reassure people in ohio about his position on the industry. Ask any republican why is mitt romney still behind in ohio? Why might he lose the state as he wins other states in the region? They say it's because of his position on that one issue. Last night I don't think he cleaned it up. 
>> Not just the state, but it could have cost them the general election. Let's look at your grades. A pair of "b" pluses. 

[00:10:55]


>> In the room, the president clearly won. If you scored it on who showed more knowledge of foreign policy who was the more vigorous d debater, the president won. Governor romney, three straight debates, not following the ins and outs, he sat with the president and looked the part enough that people could come away saying what do I care about? I care mostly about the economy. Do I trust this guy enough to be commander in chief? I think for people he did clear that bar. 
>> We'll see, two weeks to go. We'll see new two minutes on "morning joe." 
>>> Coming up on "way too early," email the show, you can tweet me, and let me know what you're doing up at this hour and what you thought of last night's debate. We'll read a bunch of them later in the show. 
>>> Still ahead when we come back, the san francisco giants fight back from the three games to one deficit, taking a decisive game seven in the rain at the end. The cardinals melt down. A full rundown of the highlights, and a preview of the world series, plus some monday night football. 
>>> And the twitterverse weighs in on last night's presidential debate. We'll tell you which moment, which line drew the most attention online. We'll also get a check of weather when "way too early" comes back to rack's in boca. 
>>> Ultra portable, apple's legendary ease of use applied to a consumer device and auto sync. There's been nothing like this before. I canay this with some degree of certainty, this is going to be the hottest gift this holiday season for every mac owner. were beat a $100 cream. Flabbergasted when we creamed a $500 cream. For about $30 regenerist micro-sculpting cream hydrates better than over 20 of america's most expensive luxury creams. Fantastic. Phenomenal. Regenerist. Jack, boring. Boring. Boring. 

[00:13:34]


[ Jack ] AFTER LAUREN BROKE UP WITH ME, I went to the citi private pass page and decided to be...Not boring. That's how I met marilyn... Giada... Really good. Yes! 
[ Jack ] ...AND ALICIA. ?????? This girl is on fire ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] USE ANY CITI???? CARD To get the benefits of private pass. More concerts. More events. More experiences. 
[ Jack ] HEY, WHO'S BORING NOW? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET MORE ACCESS WITH A Citi card. 
[ crowd cheering, mouse clicks ] rates double. But, dad, you've got... 
[ voice of Dennis ] Allstate. With accident forgiveness, they guarantee your rates won't go up just because of an accident. Smart kid. 
[ voice of Dennis ] INDEED. Are you in good hands? expand to meet the needs of my growing business. But how am I going to fund it? And I have to find a way to manage my cash flow better. 
[ Female Announcer ] OUR WELLS FARGO BANKERS Are here to listen, offer guidance and provide you with options tailored to your business. We've loaned more money to small businesses than any other bank for ten years running. So come talk to us to see how we can help. Wells fargo. Together we'll go far. ] boost. Flavor boost, meet beef. It's swanson flavor boost. Concentrated broth to add delicious flavor to your skillet dish in just one stir. Mmm! 
[ Female Announcer ] COOK, MEET COMPLIMENTS. Get recipes at flavorboost.Com. ?????? ?????? I'd like to thank eating right, whole grain, Multigrain Cheerios! Mom, are those my jeans? 

[00:15:39]


[ Female Announcer ] People who choose more ole grain tend to weigh less than those who don't. Multigrain Cheerios 
>>> Welcome back to rack's in boca raton. We want to check your weather from nbc meteorologist bill karins up in new york. Bill, surprisedknow it's sunny and warm here in california. 
>> Amazing crowd. Tropical storm this is still the hurricane season. This should be a hurricane crossing jamaica in about 48 hours and then cuba. After that it should weaken to a tropical storm, maybe a hybrid system sometime saturday into sunday. As of now, florida looks safe. Maybe some large waves and some rain in miami and boca, for the most part the storm will miss florida. After that, there's a lot of questions of where the storm will head it will get blocked by a big area of high pressure off the coast one system would send it as a hybrid back towards the mid-atlantic or new england, or it may scoot the coast and sneak by new england. We won't know that for a couple more days. The timing if it did impact new england and the atlantic, monday and tuesday of next week, heading towards halloween. Elsewhere this morning, light rain across new york state. We could she showers from new york to albany. The rest of the country looks mile. The only problem with the airports, possibly around chicago and st. Louis with a thunderstorm. Tropical storm sandy, can you believe it? The potential for impacts on the east coast as we head towards movement. 
>> Trick or treating forecast, bill. Thank you very much. We'll see you back up in new york tomorrow. 

[00:17:42]


>>> The giants camell the way back from a 3-1 series deficit to force a decisive game seven in the national league championship series with a trip to the world series on the line. They had to battle a desperate cardinals team and a driving rain storm. In the second, giants up 1-06789 that's your starting pitcher, matt cain. Bounces one up the middle with a runner on second, helping his own cause. Gregor blanco comes around to score. Giants up 2-0. The giants offense again in the third. Hunter pence a broken bat liner past the shortstop for a hit. Jon jay mishandles this thing in center field. All three runs come around to score. Giants extend the lead to 5-0. Blowing this thing open. They tacked on a couple more in that inning. Up 7-0. Cardinals offense can't get anything going against matt cain. Matt freese swinging in the sixth. Cain leaving to a standing ovation. Two down now in the ninth a driving, pouring rain. Giants up 9-0. Matt holliday began the series by taking out marco scutaro with a hard slide at the plate. Pops one up to scutaro. That ends the game. Giants win game seven, 9-06789 heading to the world series, coming back down 3-1 to the cardinals. They will meet the cardinals. The giants the second team in history to win six consecutive postseason games. This will be the 19th world series appearance for the giants, second only to the yankees. They will send barry zito to the mound against justin verlander for game one of the world series, that's tomorrow night in san francisco. 
>>> Nfl, bears hosting the lions on monday night football. Scoreless in the fir quarter. Jay cutler rolling right off the play action finds brandon marshall for the score. Scary moment for the bears in the second quarter. Jay cutler chased down. Slams him to the turf. Cutler went down hard. He went out for one play but came back into the game. Cutler is tough. Lions trying to find the end zone in fourth and goal. Matt stafford is picked off by b.J. Moore of the vanderbilt university. Three red zone turnovers sink the lions as the bears get the win, 13-7. Chicago 5-1. Lions drop to a disappointing 4-2. 

[00:20:25]


>>> The november 5th monday night game between the eagles and saints may have a political lean to it. Sports journal reports that president obama and mitt romney have asked to appear on the problem the night before the election. 
>>> Coming up at the top of the hour on "morning joe" right here at rack's in boca, with the final presidential debate in the books, the candidates look to hammer home their closing arguments two weeks now from election day. Our "morning joe" crew is he, ready to break it all down for you. 
>>> Plus conan o'brien has his eye on this battleground state of florida. And put together a special tribute to the sunshine state. The crowd in boca likes it when "way too early" comes right back. frank plan. One golden crown. Come on frank how long have we known each other? Go to e-trade. They got killer tools man. They'll help you nail a retirement plan that's fierce. Two golden crowns. You realize the odds of winning are the same as being mauled by a polar bear and a regular bear in theame day? Frank! Oh wow, you didn't win? I wanna show you something... It's my shocked face. 
[ gasps ] ?????? ?????? 
[ Male Announcer ] GET A RETIREMENT PLAN That works at e-trade. 

[00:23:48]


>>> You mentioned the navy, for example, and that we have fewer ships than in 1916. Well, governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed. We have things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines. The question is not a game of battleship, it's what are our capabilities? 
>> We're back here live inside rack's in boca raton, florida, where president obama and mitt romney engaged in a memorable exchange there about the size of the navy. Romney claimed the u.S. Navy is smaller now than any time since 1917. If you want to sound smart, tell your friends with 285 ships, the u.S. Navy has more now than it did in each of the last four years of the george w. Bush administration. 278 naval ships in 2007 marked the lowest active level since 1916. That exchange over the navy and the president's bayonet line is just the latest in a series of debate one-liners that blew up twitter realtime. With more than 10 million tweets, the first presidential debate became the most tweeted about event in the history of united states politics. The exchange over big bird triggered 135,000 tweets per minute. Romney's binders full of women remark boosted the number of tweets in the second presidential debate to 7.2 million. Last night, 6.5 million tweets bounced around the web at more than 105,000 per minute. Horses and bayonets led the way. 
>>> And the race to the white house is so close it's set to be decided by voters in just a few key swing states. Conan o'brien gave some advice to the voters right here in the state of florida. 
>> If, yet, another presidential election is decided by the voters in florida I just want to make a quick plea to florida citizens to take their responsibility seriously and get out there and vote. Florida, we know you're watching. This is for you. ?????? Florida it might be you ?????? ?????? can we trust you to make a stand ?????? ?????? you're a state full of great people ?????? ?????? we'll see you in the news ?????? ?????? get out and vote if you can ?????? ?????? there's a lot to win or lose ?????? ?????? it's up to you ?????? ?????? florida ?????? ?????? florida we're counting on you ?????? ?????? you're a shining example of america ?????? ?????? florida we're counting on you ???????????? 

[00:26:41]


>> completely unfair representation of this great state of florida. Wasn't that unfair? These are nice people in here. They never would crawl through a drive-thru window to beat somebody up. 
>>> Still ahead on "way too early," your sunny tweets and e-mails are next. And "morning joe" live from boca, moments away. ring... Progresso This reduced sodium soup says it may help lower cholesterol, how does it work? You just have to eat it as part of your heart healthy diet. Step 1. Eat the soup. All those veggies and beans, that's what may help lower your cholesterol and -- Well that's easy 
[ Male Announcer ] Progresso. You gotta taste this soup. ?????? ?????? want my recipe for healthier hair color? Natural instincts! Formulated with aloe, vitamin and antioxidants natural instincts has a system that's a healthier way to radiant color. Indulge... With natural instincts. Less guilt, more gorgeous. ??? ??? believe broader mix of energies. That's why we're supplying natural gas to generate cleaner electricity... That has around 50% fewer co2 emissions than coal. And it's also why, with our partner in brazil, shell is producing ethanol 

[00:29:05]


- a biofuel made from renewable sugarcane. >>A minute, mom! Let's broaden the world's energy mix. Let's go. rates double. But, dad, you've got... 
[ voice of Dennis ] Allstate. With accident forgiveness, they guarantee your rates won't go up just because of an accident. Smart kid. 
[ voice of Dennis ] INDEED. Are you in good hands? ] app that makes tv even better. If your tv were queen, zeebox would be a stretch limo. With this enchanting union, comes a sunroof she can scream from... I'm goin' to prom! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...AND A DRIVER NAMED Bruce that she can re-name james... Faster, james! 
[ Male Announcer ] ...JUST 'CAUSE. Download zeebox free, and have the night of your life with your tv. 

﻿Title: WEN by Chaz Dean Revolutionary Hair Care System
Description: WEN by Chaz Dean is revolutionary hair care that cleans and conditions without shampoo's harsh detergents or sulfates. Natural ingredients make hair shinier, fuller, softer and more manageable, with amazing color retention! Guaranteed by GuthyRenker.
Channel: 29 - WTXF
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 1:00:00 AM
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

In on a little secret. I don't use shampoo anymore. That's right. I don'use it at all. So why does my hair look this healthy and shiny? Because now I use wen. I mean, look at this hair. My hair is softer, shinier, and the volume, who doesn't want more volume? Ordinary shampoo? You don't need that anymore. All you need is wen. 
>> What does it take to get your hair this beautiful? Just one thing: The wen healthy hair care system by chaz dean. It's revolutionary hair care that takes the place of shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, detangler, and leave-in conditioner all in one. Saving you time working on your hair and saving you money on all the products you won't need anymore. Most ordinary shampoos that lather use sulfates and detergents that may strip your hair of natural oils and cause dryness, frizziness, dullness, and color fade. But wen is designed to gently cleanse and moisturize your hair and scalp with no harsh stripping agents making hair shinier, softer, stronger, fuller, after just one use. Wen cleansing conditioners have been the zz for top beautyagazines li celebrity living, instyle, lucky, elle, and people magazine called it a "must-have." On today's show, you'll meet the man who is re-defining hair care. Wen's inventor, internationally renowned celebrity stylist chaz dean whose exclusive hair retreat has been the hot spot for hollywood stars for 20 years. And find out how you can join the over one million people from all over the world who bought wen to get the sexy beautiful hair they've always wanted after just one use. And stay tuned to see how you can get the new wen travel kit absolutely free. 
>> Just try wen one time and you're gonna see a difference in your hair. 
>> I will never go back to shampoo, never, never, never. I'm a wen girl so I'm going to be using that forever. 
>> Today, I'm gonna take you behind the scenes of a major new commercial for wen healthy hair care. You'll see lots of beautoful hair and you'll also see exactly how you can get the same results at home with just a blow dryer and wen. We'll meet the models, the hair stylists, and you'll see exactly what is done to their hair every step of the way. You'll see hair demonstrations that I wouldn't believe if I didn't see them myself. You'll even see me do a comparison of ordinary shampoo versus wen cleansing conditioner. Chaz dean is passionate about giving everyone beautiful, healthy hair, and we're gonna meet him in just a minute. So don't go away and I promise by t of the show, you'll never want to use ordinary shampoo again. ?????? so we're doing things a bit differently with this infomercial which is total transparency. And I want you to tell our audience why we're doing it that way. 

[00:03:01]


>> I'm used to seeing beauty stuff that is the smoke, is the mirrors, is the extensions, is the computer generated stuff. They'll use five, six, seven, eight different products to get that look whereas-- 
>> to sell one product. 
>> To sell one product. I don't know h they get away with it. I don't. And I said if we're gonna do this together, it's only if we're honest with it. Only using wen. 
>> I'm not blowing smoke up anything over there, but literally the first time I tried the product I knew that not only it was special, but I am convinced that I will never go back to regular shampoo again. Explain to everyone the difference between wen and shampoo. 
>> The number one thing you have to know is it's not going to lather. Wen does not lather. If you're using anything that's lathering, it's gonna strip your hair of its natural essential oils. Sheen, luster, moisture, shine. Not to even mention your color. 
>> So if it doesn't lather, how does it clean your hair? 
>> So with wen, what I've done is I've eliminated the detergents, the surfactants, and all the harsh chemicals and it actually cleanses with extracts, essential oils, and botanicals. So you're cleansing the scalp and hydrating the hair at the same time without stripping it. 
>> I love wen. I'm completely sold on this product. It's completely changed my hair from being dry and frizzy and unmanageable. Now I can just air dry it and it looks like this. 
>> No matter what type of hair, no matter what you've heard about what you should be using for your hair, try this because this works. 
>> I love playing with my hair now because it does stuff it didn't do before. 
>> If you color your hair like me--yes, I admit it, I color my hair. And we all know one of the biggest hair problems is color fading. But wen is proven to retain color better than a leading shampoo and we'll prove it to you right now. 
>> So here we have jeffrey who's gonna be blowing out becky today. And we have stephanie who's gonna be blowing out jessie today. They were both colored today with the same color red. So stephanie's gonna be using a sulfate-free shampoo which is supposed to be really gentle and keep your color while jeffrey's gonna be using wen on becky. So we're gonna do a side by side comparison and watch what happens to both of their heads of hair. ?????? 

[00:05:20]


>> the demonstration was amazing. I got to cleanse with wen. A much more pleasant experience. Especially considering that we weren't using anything else in the hair. 
>> Trying to get my hands through my girl's hair, it was literally like this. It was tangled, it was-- it was matted. 
>> Not feeling that great. 
>> You know, mine was just literally just a glide and the more that I glided through the hair, the easier and shinier it just became. 
>> The color ran everywhere. There were peach suds in my hand. I even, at one point, asked him to pour the shampoo in my hand so I could make sure that it was white shampoo he had put in my hand. I thought, "hmm, maybe there's color in the shampoo." No, it wasn't. It was really, truly, stripping the color from her hair. 
>> The difference in loss in color was astounding. We had white towels in both of the bowls and my model, nothing is coming off. 
>> But I was shocked at the depth of the amount of color coming off of her with shampoo. 
>> Actually, I mean, that's what I'm used to. You know, I wouldn't dream of, in a salon, using a white towel. 
>> I would be horrified as a client to see my color that I just paid for running down the sink. 
>> That's why we use black towels in the salon. 
>> Yeah. 
>> And are you ready to see the results? Look at the difference. We did not use any leave-in conditioner, we didn't use any styling products. This is just cleansed with wen one time. Blown out with a medium round brush and a blow dryer. All this bounce, all this body, all this shine. Let's go see what happened over here. It feels like straw. It really feels like straw. You cannot get bounce, you cannot get body, you cannot get volume. So do you want to be jessie with stripped, faded hair? Or do you want to be becky who used wen? 
>> I'm feeling confident with my hair and I'm happy that I was picked to use the wen. 
>> Every woman wants to walk wn the street and have the hair blowing and bouncing. And I wouldn't have that and so it's not fun. 
>> Poor thing. 
>> Wen could cut the cost of coloring your hair in half. And even if you don't color treat your hair, wen makes your natural hair color look more vibrant and shiny. You've seen it for yourself, now see the wen commercial with jessie and becky. 

[00:07:38]


>> Hey, I'm jessie. 
>> And I'm becky. Usually, people can't tell us apart. 
>> But then I washed my hair with regular shampoo. 
>> I washed my hair with wen cleansing conditioner. And now it's easy to tell us apart. 
>> My shampoo washed out my color, my hair is dry, it's frizzy. Look at this mess. 
>> My hair has never looked better. It's shiny, it's bouncy. Touch it, feel how soft it is. 
>> My hair feels nothing like that. 
>> My color looks vibrant. 
>> And mine just went down the drain. 
>> I'm becky and I'm a wen girl. 
>> Hi, I'm jessie. When can I be a wen girl? 
>> What does it take to get your hair this beautiful? 
Just one thing: The wen healthy hair care system by chaz dean. It's revolutionary hair care that takes the place n@ of shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, detangler, and leave-in conditioner all in one saving you time working on your hair and saving you money on all the products you won't need anymore. Ordinary shampoos lather using sulfates and detergents that may strip the hair of natural oils and can e dryness, frizziness, dullness, and color fade. But wen is designed to gently cleanse and moisturize your hair and scalp while leaving in the natural oils using a perfect blend of herbs and natural ingredients adding sheen, manageability, and body to your hair. And now wen has been clinically proven to significantly retain color better than a leading shampoo on the market, which can save you even more money on hair color. And 90% of people agree that by using the wen cleansing conditioner, their hair was shinier, less frizzy, and had more bounce and body. So join the over one million people all over the world who bought wen to get the sexy, beautiful hair they've always wanted after just one use. 
>> Wen just brings out your natural hair, your natural, healthy hair. 
>> So say goodbye to ordinary shampoo and say hello to beautiful, soft, shiny, controllable hair with wen. You'll start with a 30 day supply of wen's sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, perfect for all hair types. You'll receive the wen styling cream for that extra hold and control over your hairstyle when you need it. Finally, you'll get the re moist intensive hair repair mask. A luxurious spa quality treatment designed to kick-start hydration and soothe and smooth dry, damaged, or chemically treated hair. You could easily spend over $100 at a salon for the premium products wen replaces. But you won't pay hundreds of dollars for wen. Through this special introductory offer, wen healthy hair care is available directly to you for the special low price of only $49.95. But for a limited time, chaz is teaming up with guthy-renker to give you the ultimate insider price reduction. Call or click now and you can get the complete wen healthy hair care system, all three products not for $49.95, not even for $39.95, but for the unbelievable price of just $29.95. And today we'll include shipping absolutely free. But it gets even better. You can get the new travel k free. So you'll always have beautiful hair wherever you go. The travel kit includes two travel sized bottles of cleansing conditioner along with the incredible new replenishing treatment mist. Spray on this rejuvenating and moisturizing treatment anytime,nywhere to instantly refresh your style. 

[00:11:01]


>> It's the perfect travel companion for vacations or to take in your gym bag or overnight bag. And don't forget to take it to the salon with you. Because there's no euse to be without your wen. 
>> And the travel kit isours absolutely free. And as a thank you just for trying wen, we'lsend you two more free 
gifts: Wen texture balm and this specially designed comb and shipping is free. That's a total of five free gifts just for trying wen. So you'll get the avel kit for free, your other free gifts and the complete wen healthy hair care system, a total value of over $150, all for just $29.95. And free shipping. We're so confident you'll love wen, it comes with our 60 day shine to the last pump guarantee from trusted guthy-renker. You can try wen for two whole months. If you don't see and feel the difference in your hair, just send it back for a full refund even if the bottles are empty. So you have nothing to lose but bad hair days. So call or click now to try wen with our best deal ever. 
>> Wen definitely brings the youth back into your hair. It actually looks as if, you know, I was 18 years old again. That's how it feels, that's how my hair feels. 
>> My hair was so flat and limp. It was very dry and brittle and now it's soft and, honestly, it is really supple to the touch. It has body and umph and bounce, and it feels so good. ?????? 
>> I have to tell you, I found it very hard to believe that it works for all hair types because we're so sort of conditioned to believe that if you have a certain hair type, you need this type of shampoo because that's ho they market everything. You know, talk about how it truly is for every hair type. 
>> Whether you havbaby-fine hair, coarse hair, wavy hair, curly hair, ethnic, and african american hair, the same product on everyone across the board. And the reason it works is because your hair is only gonna hold on to the moisture it needs and the rest will rinse out. So if you have baby-fine hair, it's gonna hold onto themount that's needed for that hair type and then rinse the rest out. If you have that coarse hair, it's really gonna hold on and take what's needed, and much of it will not rinse out because you really absorbed all of it. So that's how the one product works on all hair types. 

[00:13:19]


>> The first time that I did a straightening, chemical straightening, right. It's white, it smells very strong because it has a lot of chemicals. And it damaged my hair severely. I was shocked at how it was just breaking like crazy, and then I was blessed to find wen and it's been incredible. It came back to life. You know, you use the first time, you go, "this is really interesting. It's different 'cause I'm not used to this." You use it a second time and you go, "oh my god, I'm liking it." Third time, "i love it." Fourth time, you go, "my hair looks amazing." And people around you go, "what are you doing--what are you doing to your hair?" I'm telling you, I'm gonna keep using it. I have my husband using it. I have friends using it. I have make-up artists using it because it's just good, and when you know that something is good for you, just, you know, spread the love. I'm a wen girl so, I'm gonna be using that forever. ?????? 
>> now I know a lot of you out there are asking yourselves, "will wen work on my hair?" It will. And we're gonna prove it right now. Naja and rebecka clearly have two different types of hair, right? 
>> Baby-fine blonde, coarse, thick, dry. 
>> Right, and I would think that they'd need different types of product to deal with their-- 
>> 'cause you've been told that is why. Every product out there tells you if you have this hair type, you need this shampoo. If you have this hair type, you need this shampoo. It doesn't have to bconfusing. With wen sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, both girls, completely different hair types, I want to show you something. 
>> Please. 
>> Go at home antry this as well. Just get your hair, lift up a section of your hair. What do you see with her hair here? 
>> It's a lot thicker down here than it is up there. 
>> So wouldn't that tell you that she doesn't necessarily have baby-fine hair, but it's what she's doing to her hair that's causing it to be even finer? 
>> Yeah-- 
>> because if she didn't use shampoo and it wasn't lathering and stripping and breaking the hair down, her hair would be the same consistency from the roots to the ends. 
>> It gets frizzy very easily. Dull. And what I would love is to just have more volume. 

[00:15:22]


>> On naja over here, her issue is how dry it is. Every time she goes in with shampoo, she's stripping and robbing her hair. It becomes unruly and it's a vicious cycle. 
>> I always have to put conditioner in it, leave-in conditioners, oils, and it's always hard finding a combination of what I should put in it. 
>> So we're gonna cleanse both of our girls just one time with wen and you will not believe the difference. ?????? 
>> what we did today was we did an experiment on wen with fine hair and overly coarse hair. On such curly hair I can run my fingers already right through it. 
>> As soon as I applied the cleansing conditioner to her hair, you could instantly see the shine even when the hair was wet. 
>> This is because of wen because all the moisture is being put back into this curl. 
>> All the color came back into her hair. 
>> And the whole hair will get this nice little bounce. 
>> And it blew out so easily. It was less drying time. 
>> You remember what they looked like before, look at 'em now. Rebecka's hair was fine, frizzy, and brassy. Now it's smooth, shiny, and hydrated. 
>> Looks amazing. 
>> So, here we have naja who, her before was really dry, really coarse, and really dull looking. And look at these perfectly formed curls. 
>> They just kind of snap back. 
>> It's been proven today that you can use it on fine, baby blonde hair and thick overly coarse hair, and it works great. It does the same result on both people. 
>> When I saw myself in the mirror, I got this huge smile on my face and I could just not stop smiling. I love my hair. 
>> I have been wen'd. Curl completely defined, completely hydrated, no frizz. Shampoo will never touch my hair again from this day forward. Ever. 
>> When we come back, you'll see what wen does for my hair and what my hair looks like without my wen. But first, here's the wen commercial featuring naja and rebecka. 
>> Marker. 

[00:17:23]


>> My hair used to be frizzy, dull, and completely out of control. 
>> My hair was completely the opposite. It was totally fly away, flat, and brassy. 
>> But all that changed when we gave up ordinary shampoo. 
>> Now I have body, I have volume, and it lasts all day. 
>> Look at my hair. I can't stop touching it. It's smooth, soft, and no frizzies. And I love my curls. 
>> Our hair couldn't be more different. 
>> But the one thing we have in common is we both use wen, and that's why we're both wen girls. ?????? 
>> can one product work for all hair types? It can with wen healthy hair care by chaz dean. You'll tart with a 30 day supply of wen's sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, perfect for all hair types. You'll receive the wen styling cream for that extra hold and control over your hairstyle when you need it. Finally, you'll get the re moist intensive hair repair mask. A luxurious spa quality treatment designed to kick-start hydration and soothe and smooth dry, damaged, or chemically treated hair. You could easily spend over $100 at a salon for the premium products wen replaces. But you won't pay hundreds of dollars for wen. Through this special introductory offer, wen healthy hair care is available directly to you for the special low price of only $49.95. But for a limited time, chaz is teaming up with guthy-renker to give you the ultimate insider price reduction. Call or click now and you can get the complete wen healthy hair care system, all three products not for $49.95, not even for $39.95, but for the unbelievable price of just $29.95. And today we'll include shipping absolutely free. But it gets even better. For a limited time, you can get the new travel kit free. So you'll always have beautiful hair wherever you go. The travel kit includes two travel sized bottles of cleansing conditioner along with the incredible new replenishing treatment mist. Spray on this rejuvenating and moisturizing treatment any time, anywhere to instantly refresh your style. And as a thank you just for trying wen, we'll send you two more free 

[00:19:34]


gifts: Wen texture balm and this specially designed comb and shipping is free. That's a total of five free gifts just for trying wen. So you'll get the travel kit for free, your other free gifts and the complete wen healthy hair care system, a total value of over $150, all for just $29.95. And free shipping. We're so confident you'll love wen, it comes with our 60 day shine to the last pump guarantee from trusted guthy-renker. You can try wen for two whole months. If you don't see and feel the difference in your hair, just send it back for a full ref even if the bottles are empty. So you have nothing ose but bad hair days. So call or click now to try wen with our best deal ever. 
>> I discovered wen in a gift bag at a swanky hollywood event. When you find a product like wen that achieves so much in one or two steps, you gotta make that change. And when I started using wen, oh, almost a decade ago, I knew that this was a product I would have for my life. As I started having childr, and I noticed that wen was working for them, you know, I thought, "this is so great. Wen is for my whole family." I love how my hair feels with wen, it's soft, natural. My hair feels light, it moves, it shines. Just try wen one time, u're gonna see a difference in your hair. 
>> So for the women at, and the men, that want to try your product but are sort of scared or nervous or interested but haven't picked up the phone yet, what do you say to those people? 
>> I honestly say look at your hair now. Are you happy with your hair? Are you happy with the results you get every day? Are you struggling every day? If so, you have nothing to lose 'cause I want you to see what one time with wen can do for you. 
>> For me, why wen versus shampoo is because ultimately the shampoo would dry my hair out and take all the natural oils out that I then have to replenish by using conditioner and the conditioner would kind of weigh it down. Then I'd use product volumize it or to give some kind of curl to it, that would really dry it out. And then I'd use stuff to make it all oily and shiny and sheen 'cause it was dry, and it was way too many things and it ultimately ended up just depleting my hair. And now with wen, it's like some crazy fabulous multi-purpose thing. I can use it as a leave-in conditioner and the product, and it's done nothing but make my hair more supple and beautiful and healthy feeling, and I love it. 

[00:22:02]


>> We're back behind the scenes and this time, I'm doing the demo myself. Here's how I looked when I came in this morning after using an expensive salon shampoo to wash my hair. 
>> Okay, so I needo show them at home today. Thank you for coming in and shampooing your hair because we showed you that with color treated, highlighted hair, she goes through major damage on a daily basis with curling irons and flat irons. Look at the ends of your hair. How dry, how damaged, how dehydrated they are. But guess what? Wen is gonna repair this hair in one use. ?????? 
>> I feel like I'm at the spa. 
>> Your hair's coming back to life, I can feel it already. Look at this shine, look how it glides through my hands. Her hair's like silk right now. That's what you want to see. The more you use, the more you massage, longer you leave it on, the better the results. You're going to apply one pump of your wen cleansing conditioner back in your hair as a leave-in conditioner. I'm going to style her with nothing but a medium round brush and blow dryer with a nozzle. And you remember what alyssa looked like when she came in with one time with shampoo, one time with wen. Who do you want to be? Her before or her after? 
>> I've learned something really important today and I hope you have, too. If you're having problems with your hair, the problem might not be your hair. It might just be your shampoo. And let's face it, if you're having a bad hair day, it's a bad day. So why keep using ordinary shampoo? Just get rid of it. Try wen for yourself and get the hair you want. 
>> What does it take to get your hair this beautiful? Just one thing. The n healthy hair care system by chaz dean. It's revolutionary hair care that takes the place of shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, detangler, and leave-in conditioner all in one saving you time working on your hair and saving you money on all the products you won't need anymore. Ordinary shampoos lather using sulfates and detergents that may strip the hair of natural oils and can cause dryness, frizziness, dullness, and color fade. But wen is designed to gently cleanse and moisturize your hair and scalp while leaving in the natural oils using a perfect blend of herbs and natural ingredients adding sheen, manageability, and body to your hair. And now wen has been clinically proven to significantly retain color better than a leading shampoo the market which can save you even more money on hair color. And 90% of people agree that by using the wen cleansing conditioner, their hair was shinier, less frizzy, and had more bounce and body. So join the over one million people all over the world who bought wen to get the sexy, beautiful hair they've always wanted after just one use. 

[00:25:03]


>> It really has changed the way I feel abo myself, the way I feel I look. 
>> So, say goodbye to ordinary shampoo and say hello to beautiful, soft, shiny, controllable hair with wen. You'll start with a 30 day supply of wen's sweet almond mint cleansing conditioner, perfect for all hair types. You'll receive the wen styling cream for that extra hold and control over your hairstyle when you need it. Finally, you'll get the re moist intensive hair repair mask. A luxurious spa quality treatment designed to kick-start hydration and soothe and smooth dry, damaged or chemically treated hair. You could easily spend over $100 at a salon for the premium products wen replaces. But you won't pay hundreds of dollars for wen. Through this special introductory offer, wen healthy hair care is available directly to you for the special low price of only $49.95. But for a limited time, chaz is teaming up with guthy-renker to give you the ultimate insider price reduction. Call or click now and you can get the complete wen healthy hair care system, all three products not for $49.95, not even for $39.95, but for the unbelievable price of just $29.95. And today we'll include shipping absolutely free. And smart shoppers can lock in this incredible discount price each new season, you'll recve a three month supply of wen for only $29.95 per month, guaranteed. A convenient service you can cancel any time. But it gets even better. For a limited time, you can get the new travel kit free. So you'll always have beautiful hair wherever you go. The travel kit includes two travel sized bottles of cleansing conditioner along with the incredible new replenishing treatment mist. Spray on this rejuvenating and moisturizing treatment any time, anywhere to instantly refresh your style. 
>> It's the perfect travel companion for vacations, or to take in your gym bag or overnight bag. And don't forget to take it to the salon with you. Because there's no excuse to be without your wen. 

[00:27:07]


>> And the travel kit is yours absolutely free. And as a thank you just for trying wen, we'll send you two more free gifts. Wen texture balm and this specially designed comb, and shipping is free. That's a total of five free gifts just for trying wen. So you'll get the travel kit for free, your other free gifts and the complete wen healthy hair care system, a total value of over $150, all for just $29.95. And free shipping. We're so confident you'll love wen, it comes with our 60 day shine to the last pump guarantee from trusted guthy-renker. You can try wen for two whole months.! If you don't see and feel the difference in your hair, just send it back for a full refund even if the bottles are empty. So you have nothing to lose but bad hair days. So call or click now to try wen with our best deal ever. 
>> I'm a wen girl. 
>> I am a wen girl. 
>> We're both wen girls. 
>> I'm alyssa milano and I'm a wen girl. 

[00:29:50]


>> Announcer: The following is a paid presentation for the milana bra by geninie. Are you having another 

﻿Title: Wild Kratts - Seasquatch
Description: The brothers are trapped when their submarine loses power.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:30:00 PM
Original Air Date: 6/13/2011
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

Wild Kratts is made possible by 
ANNOUNCER: Get ready to let your imagination... run wild. ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy. Proud supporter of PBS Kids and Wild Kratts. The Corporation for Public Broadcasting and by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Thank you. Hey, we're the Kratt Brothers. I'm Martin. And I'm Chris, and we're creating an underwater world in a saltwater aquarium. There are so many awesome habitats all over the creature world, like the seas surrounding the Galapagos Islands where we swam with marine iguanas who dive underwater and eat algae that grow on the rocks. Oh, and then we even bumped into a whale shark, the largest sh in the world, who let us swim with him for over two hours. And don't forget about the Pantanal. That was one awesome underwater world where we splashed around with crocodiles, tapirs, capybaras, and giant anacondas. And most underwater worlds need the same basic things: a substrate, like rocks and gravel, for creatures to crawl around and hide in. And water, of course, for the creatures to swim and breathe in. And, don't forget about a source of light... And warmth and energy. But there are underwater worlds, like the deep sea, where there is no light, where bizarre and unusual animals live. Imagine if we could swim with the little-known creatures of the deep sea. What if? ?????? ?????? On adventure with the coolest creatures ?????? ?????? From the oceans to the trees ?????? ?????? The Brothers Kratt are going places you never get to see ?????? ?????? Hanging with their creature friends ?????? ?????? Get ready, it's the hour ?????? ?????? We're gonna save some animals today with ?????? ?????? Creature Power ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, wild, wild ?????? ?????? Cheetah speed and lizard glide ?????? ?????? Falcon flight and lion pride ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Gonna go wild, wild, Wild Kratts ?????? ?????? Go wild, wild, Wild Kratts ?????? I love a good game of squid tag. Now, where'd you disappear to, Chris? Behind a cloud of floating plants called phytoplankton. It's amazing how these tiny plants absorb the sun's energy and carbon dioxide from the water, and combine them to create sugar which is food for themselves. Phytoplankton are plants that get energy from the sun, just like grass does on land. And after a phytoplankton makes food for itself, this tiny plant becomes food for other creatures. Tiny animals called zooplankton eat them and the food chain begins. One creature being eaten by another creature: That's the food chain. Holy Squid! I didn't see that coming. Or that! Or this! You're it! 

[00:04:14]


(Laughing) Okay, you got me. 
(Laughing) Yeah! Check it out. All this sea life begins with these tiny phytoplankton getting energy from the sun. And then those plants are eaten by an animal, who's eaten by another animal, all the way up to the biggest creatures in the ocean... The whales! Uh-oh. There's the top of the food chain in the water, a squid-eating sperm whale! Probably not the best time to be in a squid suit, bro! Yeah, tell me about it. Hey, wait a sec. I know that whale. It's Bumper's mom! But where's Bumper? Whoa! Ugh! Oh! Hello to you too, Bumper! All right! And the winner is the Squidtacular Martin! Next time we're playing whale tag, and I'm the whale. Then we'll see who's the top of the food chain. Deal. Gimme a high ten, dude! 
(Laughing) Hey! Hey, come on! Aviva, this new shrinkwrap you put on my controller is sweet! 
AVIVA: The shrink wrap will protect it from all the salty air and corrosive sea spray. Nothing can damage it. Hey, hey! Did you hear that, buddy? You don't have to worry about the big salty ocean. Nooo! No! No! No! It's okay, Jimmy. Martin'll get it. I'm on it! Squid power to the creature rescue. Only one problem. I'll become part of the food chain, the main course of a whale's breakfast. The squid suit could get Martin down there, but it could also get him eaten like that. Sorry Jimmy, but I gotta return to the surface before that whale spots me. Ooh! That was close! I'm not used to being the catch of the day. But what am I going to do without my controller? It'll be okay, JZ. My super shrinkwrap will protect it, even at the deepest depths. I hope. I heard that! ew! Oh controller, I can still remember the fresh factory smell when we first met. Our late nights playing video games. Don't worry Jimmy, Aviva's shrinkwrap will protect it. And as soon as the Amphisub's ready, we'll go down and retrieve it for you. Koki, do you have a track on it? I've got it! Passing 6,000 ft. 6100, 6200. Wait a minute, I've lost it. It disappeared into a hot zone. Wow, I'm getting some strange heat readings coming from the bottom of the ocean. What could it be? I'm not sure what it is. It's not on any map or chart. It looks like an unexplored trench. Unexplored trench? That could mean undiscovered creatures! 

[00:07:05]


JIMMY: An unexplored trench? Oh, I'm gonna miss you. No, you won't, Jimmy because we'll be bringing it back. Oh, yeah. We're Wild Kratts. We eat unexplored trenches for breakfast! Ha! The sub has been reinforced so you'll be able to go deeper than ever before. Another added bonus is, it's solar powered. Just like the phytoplankton! Let's ho we don't get gobbled up like them, though. The smallest amount of sunlight will power uthe batteries, giving them a full charge for hours. But you need to keep a close watch on it. Oh, yeah. Got it. Keep a close watch on it, yeah. Wait, what am I watching? The energy levels. If they get low, you'll need to come back up and recharge cause if you run out, you'll be way, way, too deep for my robot arm to save you. We'll keep an eye on it, Aviva. And we won't be needing the robot arm. Yeah, they don't call us Wild Kratts for nothing! We eat robot arms for breakfast, too. Hm? Let's go! Hang tight, Jimmy needs to miniaturize you. It's the only way I could get the sub to handle the extreme depths. Okay, Jimmy, the guys are ready to go to the deepest depths to find your controller. 
(Whimpering) Remember when we got the 10 million point quadruple bonus? 
(Sobbing) I'll take this one. See you later, little bitty Chris and Martin. Be careful. Have a good trip. New species, here we come. I think we should call our first life form discovery Martin of the sea! Nice, but I was thinking Chris-tacean! Martin of the sea is way better. Chris-tacean. Martin of the sea. Chris-tacean. Hey, how about, whoever discovers it gets to name it. Deal. Let's find some new life forms. Wow, it sure did get dark out there. Yeah, very little sunlight can shine through the water this deep. We're officially in the twilight zone. I'm switching from solar power to battery power. Whoa, cool! Look at all the lights. Let's go out for a deep-sea dive. Oh ho, I got to check that out. Let's scuba up! What is that? Whoa! Where'd that go? Martin? Martin! 

[00:09:49]


MARTIN: I'm still here. Where'd you go? I'm over here, the flashing light. Okay, I can see you. Coming over. Wait. 
(Laughing) You're not Chris; you're an Anglerfish. Wow, those teeth are awesome! Some of those fangs are so big, they don't even fit in your mouth. Wow, clever fish. Most of your teeth are tilted inwards so it's easy for your prey to swim in, but not out. Pretty cool. Careful bro! She's a dangerous predator, so watch out! Whoa! 
BOTH: Martin, watch out! Whoa, you can't catch this! 
(Singing rap tune) 
(Laughing) Wow, look at this. The light is actually millions of glowing bacteria trapped inside this little sack. She uses it to lure her prey close so she can catch it. Like it tried with me, but I'm way too good of a swimmer. Swimming's my thing. Martin?! You can't catch this! Woo hoo! Yeah! Hey, where are you going? Whoa! Oh dude, I think it wants to meet you! More like eat you! Whoa! Faster, Chris! Yeah, faster! 
(Panting) Ah, a Deep-sea shrimp! Perfect! Whoa! Ugh! Glue! What? Glue! That Deep-sea shrimp has the best defense mechanism ever. When it feels threatened, it shoots out a glowing glue that confuses its predator. While the predator attacks the glue, the shrimp slips away. Well, I'm covered in glue. Oh, I'm like a glow-in-the-dark target. Yeah, we better get you cleaned up before you get gulped down. You're passing through the twilight zone into the midnight zone. You two better stay inside the sub now. Yeah, who knows what's lurking out there. There are lots of-- 

[00:12:24]


(Radio static) Koki, you there? Chris, Martin? Something's messed up your communication link. It might be because you're getting very, very close 
(Beeping) To the-- Bottom! Whoa. What is this? My controller? Did you find it? Sorry Jimmy, I was talking about those. That must be what's causing all those strange heat readings! You're right, those are hydrothermal vents. Black smokers. How do they get like that? Inside those cracks in the sea bottom, lava is superheating water that shoots back out full of minerals and when it mixes with the cold water, the minerals build up... Creating black smokers. Wow, I'm getting some off-the-chart heat readings down here. Is that right? Yeah, the water around you is so hot it could boil an egg, plus it's full of toxic chemicals. I don't think you're gonna discover new life there, guys. Especially with no sunlight to start the food chain. I'm seeing something that looks like life to me. Worms! 
CHRIS: In tubes. Tube worms! And check out all those clams and... Whoa! Who's that guy? A furry crab! What? Most crabs have smooth or even spiky shells, but hairy? And white. He's like... the abominable snow crab! Yeah, I think we just discovered a new crab species! Oh yeah! I'm calling him Seasquatch of the Sea! Seasquatch for short. Seasquatch? Yeah, seasquatch! You're too late guys. Somebody else found him first. He was discovered a few years back. He's actually called a Yeti crab. Aw. Seasquatch was way cooler. But Yeti crab's not bad. If the environment down there is so extreme-- no sunlight, toxic chemicals, superheated water-- how does Seasquatch and all those creatures survive? That's what I want to know. What's that thick layer covering the ocean floor? What is that red mucky stuff? m. It's not muck at all. It's actually bacteria, millions and millions of bacteria. And it's a busy bacteria. It's taking the chemicals from the superheated water and mixing it with oxygen. It uses this mixture to turn carbon dioxide into... sugar. Sounds tasty. Wait, these bacteria are making... Food! It doesn't start with plants getting energy from the sun down here. The bacteria change the volcanic energy into food for themselves and then all these other creatures-- the tube worms, the clams, the Yeti crab-- eat the bacteria. Yeah, the bacteria is the start of the food chain down here. There must be pockets of life all over the deep ocean floor, then. Wherever there's hydrothermal vents, there will be! 

[00:15:32]


JIMMY: Where are you? Okay then, so what does Seasquatch eat? Hey Seasquatch! What're you up to? He's doing, like, a weird deep-sea dance. Who knew crabs dance? Now, why are y doing that? Aviva, we need a Creature Power disc that'll give me the powers to get out there with him and find out. Waahead of you, MK. I'm already taking my basic crab programming and specializing it with Yeti crab features and modifying it for extreme conditions. What happened? Hello? Hello? Are you guys still there? 
(Powering down) Uh-oh! Tortuga, we have a problem. The main batteries are completely dead! We got a reserve power source but that won't last us very long. We're stuck down here. You've got to power the sub back up to the surface. How much energy do you have left? 
(Jimmy muttering) Almost nothing. 
MARTIN: Check it out. I think Seasquatch uses his hairy arms to collect bacteria. The hair filters the bacteria right out of the swirling water. 
CHRIS: The power bar's in the red now. It's not gonna be enough. I think we need to focus on our energy problem, bro. But the Yeti crab might be able to solve our energy problem. Like other animals down here, I think he gets his energy from the bacteria. The Yeti crab collects bacteria in his hairy arms to eat for energy. Am I missing something? How is that gonna help? Oh, Chris, if the Yeti crab can collect energy out of its environment, why can't we? 
BOTH: Of course! We can retrofit the sub to use the bacteria's energy and power you back up to the surface. Great idea, Martin! It was, wasn't it? Oh, it's Nature's idea, not mine. But the sooner I can get one of those Seasquatch suits, the sooner I can collect some energy-making bacteria. I'm almost there. And I can guide you through setting up the sub to use the bacteria for energy. Sounds good, but we need to hurry; the power bar is reaching dangerously low levels now. Okay, what's the secret of collecting bacteria? Hair. Silky blond, but it's not like normal hair. It's bristly so it brushes the bacteria from the water. You need to hook up two tanks, one oxygen and one carbon dioxide. Okay, got it. Once the oxygen mixes with the bacteria, you'll add the carbon dioxide and that will create the energy! Well let's hope it works. It might be our only chance. Yeti crab disc complete! Just finished. I'll get Jimmy to teleport it. Huh? Too soft. Too tight. Too loose. Ugh, terrible buttons. Argh! None of these work! On second thought, I better do it. 

[00:18:39]


(Beeping) Anytime now, Aviva; I'm ready. Huh? I'm a little rusty at teleporting, but it should be there by now. Uh, it's not here. 
(Clanging) It's here. 
(Laughing) Give me that. Activate Creature Power! 
(Straining) ?????? Okay bro, you gotta get out there! I'm on it like a Yeti crab! 
(Banging) We're running on zero battery power now. Hurry up! Whoa. Whoa. Martin to Wild Kratts team. This place is like another world, an alien planet. Hey, Seasquatch. Come on, time to show me what to do. Give me the Energy Collection Tour. Hey, slow down! I can't walk that fast underwater. Whew, it sure is getting hot down here. 
KOKI: Don't get too close! The superheated water that's coming out of those vents reaches temperatures up to 752???? F! Water boils at 212???? F. No wonder why I feel like a crab in a cook pot. 
(Gasping) Oh, I get it. You're waving your arms near the vent so your bristly hairs can collect the bacteria. Let me try. It's working! Whoa! Oof! Hey! Oof! Oh! Hey! What gives, Seasquatch? That's my swirl of bacteria. Wha-- Whoa! Okay, then. Whoa! Whooaa! Ugh! Help. Use your arms! Oh, yeah. These hairy arms not only look good and filter bacteria, they've got some muscle power in them too! See what I mean? 

[00:21:17]


(Rumbling, muttering) That's not you, that's an earthquake! Martin, get out of there! All right. Arm hairs covered in bacteria. Ready to get out of here! What? Jimmy's controller! Hurry! There's no time! I can get it! Whoa! Sweet crab legs! Whoa! Whoa! Martin! Look out! Almost there! Chris! Did he make ht? Hello? Are you there? Martin? Chris? Come in, Wild Kratts! Martin! Martin, come in. Bro, where are you? Aw, it's no use. I can't see anything. 
(Thud) Martin! I'm okay, and loaded with bacteria! 
(Sighing) In this case, that's a good thing. Plus Jimmy's controller. My buddy! You're not out of the woods yet; those were just pre-shocks to an enormous underwater earthquake. Hurry up! All right, we got to get all this bacteria off you and mixed with these two tanks, and fast. Initiate bacteria energy production. I sure hope this works. 
(Powering up) Come on, Amphisub, come on. 

[00:23:23]


(Rumbling) 
(Gasping) 
(Explosions) Wahoo! Get us out of here, bro! Yes! We're entering the sunlight zone. Solar power engaged! We made it! My controller! You guys did it! Well, thanks to the Yeti crab. And his awesome Creature Powers. Goes to show you again, animals can take you anywhere in science, and back again. Hey Martin, you need a hair brush! Yeah. 
(Laughing) Okay, things are almost ready with our underwater world. The mixture of salt and water is just right. The temperature is feeling really good. And now we're ready to start adding fish and other creatures. All right, guys. Are you ready to populate our underwater world? Yeah! Let's do it! Come on around. Look what we got here. Now we have to make sure that the fish are ready to go into our tank. by acclimating them to the tank water. So we take some water from the tank and we pour it in to where the fish are. We have to introduce all these creatures into the same conditions that they're used to so they don't get a shock. As this tank's water mixes with the water that they're in now, they're gonna be used to the water they're going into and be ready to enter their new world. 
CHRIS: One final test of the water. Have a look. Oh, yeah! It's perfect. 
MARTIN: All right. Now it's time for the fish! 
CHILDREN: Yes! Okay, let's get them in there. There you go. A Flame angel. That is one beautiful fish. Cool. Now we're gonna be a little extra-careful with the fish and what we're gonna do is put them into bags and then float them in the tank so the temperature inside the bag will turn to the same temperature as the temperature in our tank. Cool. 

[00:25:34]


MARTIN: Oh, Clownfish! 
(Laughing) They look like twins. Can you tell them apart? 
BOY: No. He's called a Sailfin tang because his fins spread out really wide like a sail. 
BOY: Wow that's cool. 
MARTIN: Chromis. Let's get them in there. They're gonna love their new home, I think. A Yellow tang. 
MARTIN: As soon as the temperature inside the bag is the same as the tank, the fish are ready to be released into their new world. 
CHRIS: Here comes the Hippo tang. 
BOY #2: Wow, that's a really cool fish! 
MARTIN: Here we go. Swim free. Beauty. 
CHRIS: There they go. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 
BOY #2: It's so cool how the Chromis stay together and don't leave each other. 
MARTIN: Yellow tang heading your way, guys. 
CHRIS: All the fish are exploring their new world. 
MARTIN: Wow. How awome. All right, way to go. We created an underwater world. Yes! 
CHRIS: See you on the creature trail. 
Squirrels come in different colors: Some black, some gray. But believe it or not, these are gray squirrels, even though they're black. Over most of North America, gray squirrels are gray. But why do some have black fur? It could be simply to keep them warm. Some scientists have shown that in the winter, black squirrels are 11% warmer than the gray ones. Cool. 
Announcer: October is here, so get in the spirit. Well, it is halloween. Pbs kids is celebrating the spookiest time of the year. Bring on the spooky! Ooh! 
Announcer: We're kicking it all off with a super weird "wild kratts" week... Those teeth are awesome! With new shows and new ways to be weird. Uhh! 
Announcer: Then look out... For even more spooky fun all the way up to halloween! It all starts with weird kratts week all this week on pbs kids OR ANYTIME AT pbskids.org. What's the matter? 

[00:27:42]


Announcer: We just can't get enough of "martha speaks." I understand. Once it's translated, it seems so obvious. "Martha speaks" weekdays on pbs kids, or watch anytime you want at pbskids.Org. Wild Kratts is made possible by Announcer: At ABCmouse.com, we believe in letting imagination run wild. ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy. Proud supporter of PBS Kids and Wild Kratts. The Corporation for Public Broadcasting and by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you. Thank you. ?????? To find out more about cool animals... And collect your own Wild Kratts Creature Powers... Go to the Wild Kratts website... ...at pbskidsgo.org. We'll see you there! company" by... Find your voice and share it, american greetings, proud sponsor of "the electric company."" 

﻿Title: WordGirl - The Birthday Girl's Monstrous Gift; Hal the Haggler
Description: Eileen frees the Energy Monster after WordGirl captures him; WordGirl must stop Granny May from stealing Cleopatra's bed.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 4/16/2012
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

>> PBS Kids, where a kid can be a kid. And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. ?????? Word up, it's word girl ?????? ?????? word up, it's word girl ?????? ?????? flying at the speed of sound, vocabulary that astounds ?????? ?????? from the planet lexicon, watch out, villains, here she comes! ?????? ?????? faced with a catastrophe, we need the living dictionary ?????? ?????? her superior intellect keeps the crime world in check ?????? go, girl! ?????? Huggy face is by her side ?????? ?????? vocabulary a mile wide ?????? ?????? she'll make sure that crime won't pay ?????? ?????? and throw some mighty words your way ?????? ?????? word up, it's word girl ?????? word up! ?????? From the planet lexicon ?????? ?????? watch out, villains ?????? ?????? here she comes! ?????? ?????? word girl ?????? 
Narrator: Listen for the words monstrous and guzzle. It's a sweltering summer day in the city, and what better way to spend the day "word girl" is made possible by... 
>> ?????? I'm a whirlibird... 
>> Chuck E. Cheese's, proud supporter of PBS Kids, solutes all the parents who know staying active with their kids is fun and healthy for them. 
>> ?????? I'm a whirlibird. 
>> PBS Kids, where a kid can be a kid. And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. ?????? Word up, it's word girl ?????? ?????? word up, it's word girl ?????? ?????? flying at the speed of sound, vocabulary that astounds ?????? ?????? from the planet lexicon, watch out, villains, here she comes! ?????? ?????? faced with a catastrophe, we need the living dictionary ?????? ?????? her superior intellect keeps the crime world in check ?????? go, girl! ?????? Huggy face is by her side ?????? ?????? vocabulary a mile wide ?????? ?????? she'll make sure that crime won't pay ?????? ?????? and throw some mighty words your way ?????? ?????? word up, it's word girl ?????? word up! ?????? From the planet lexicon ?????? ?????? watch out, villains ?????? ?????? here she comes! ?????? ?????? word girl ?????? 

[00:02:54]


Narrator: Listen for the words monstrous and gule. It's a sweltering summer day in the city, and what better way to spend the day than outside in the heat battling that nasty energy monster. Oh! Oh! How are you holding up, huggy? 
Man: Heeellllp! My air conditioner is broken! You should call a repairman. Oh, this isn't a repair shop? 
[Huggy squeaks] sorry. Huggy, implement defense strategy number 505! 
[Squeak] now, huggy! 
[Air conditioner starts] 
[screaming] not so monstrous now, are you, energy monster? You saved the day, word girl! How can I ever repay you? You could keep an eye on the energy monster until he burns himself out. But remember--you can never take off the lid and never feed him no matter what. No problem! Great! Thanks for your help! Let's go, huggy! Hi! My name's eileen. Would you like to buy some city scout granola bars from me? It's my birfday! Sure I'll do it since it's your birfday. Hoora--ohh! Who is this cute, wittle guy? Can I have him... For my birfday? Pwetty pwease give him to me. There's no way that anything could possibly go wrong with this situation, right? Surprise! He's yours! Happy birthday! Ohh!! You're my bestest friend in the whole wide world! I am?! I've never had a bestest friend in the whole wide world. 

[00:05:05]


[Sighs] well, enjoy your birthday and that little monster! 
Narrator: Back at the botsford residence... Oh, boy, am I thirsty. I can't wait to get inside and guzzle down an ice cold drink of water. Oh, there you are, becky. You look warm. Hurry. Throw this on. Here, bob. Um, but, it's sweltering out. Don't you remember? Today is the summer winter carnival. Oh, yeah! I love the summer winter carnival! And we wouldn't be honoring the spirit of the day if we didn't arrive in full costume! ?????? Dun dun dun dah ?????? ?????? costume ?????? ok. Let's go, you guys. In the car. You don't want to miss the dance of the ice princess, do you? 
Becky and TJ: No way! I love the ice princess. I mean, I guess the ice princess is, eh, ok. 
[Car starts] 
Narrator: Meanwhile, at eileen's house... Who's my wittle monster? You are! Yes! Oh, no. Are you hungry, wittle guy? Uh-huh-uh-huh. Hmm. Here you go! Oh. Whoa! Ha ha ha! Hey, you're way more fun like this. Come on, boy! Let's go play! 
Narrator: Nearby at the summer er carnival... As mayor of this great city, I'd like to welcome everyone to the annual summer winter carnival! And now to officially kick off the festivities, I will switch on the additional power required to run the carnival. That generator sure is creating a lot of energy. 
[Cheering] 
[buzzing] 

[00:07:06]


[boom] let the carnival begin! Hooray! All right! So what do you want to do first? Stop for snacks? Ok. Give me two-- no 3 bowls of the hot ice cre soup and 5 hot chocolate shakes. Anybody else want anything? I'm just kidding. Ha ha! I sometimes have a monstrous appetite but not that monstrous! Come on! Ah, dad. I'll just take a water. Oh, I can't get over the monstrous amount of energy that gets used at this carnival. Here you go, bob. One hot chocolate milk shake. No, bob! Don't guzzle that milk shake! You'll burn your tongue--ohh. 
[Screeching] I know it's hot. That's why I was telling you not to guzzle it. 
[Squeaks] see, guzzle means to drink or use up very quickly, like what you just did with your hot chocolate shake and like this carnival is doing with the city's power. Ahh. Let's go to the ice stage and get good seats for the show! 
Narrator: While the botsfords sweat it out at the summer winter carnival, things are about to get hotter between eileen and her new pet the energy monster. 
[Booming and zapping] back at the summer winter carnival, the event you've all been waiting for! Shh! The dance of the ice princess is about to start. 

[00:09:18]


Narrator: Sorry. 
[Crackling] 
[boom] uh, sorry, folks. We've just received word that the energy monster is on the loose, and he's guzzling more than his fair share of electricity. Uh, heh. We, uh--we don't have-- we don't have enough power to continue the show. So if you all could make your own fun. Noooo! You know what? I've had enough of this energy monster. Uh, bob and I are gonna go get deep-fried sno-cones. Word up! Hold it right there, energy monster! Your electricity guzzling days are over...Again. 
[Squeak] the energy monster has gotten too monstrous! The only way to defeat him--whoa! Get him to wear himself out. 
[Squeak] whew! Fighting the energy monster is always a monstrous task! 
[Squeak] oh. You don't know what monstrous means? Monstrous means unusually large or overwhelming. The energy monster was monstrous because he was so big and strong, and defeating him was a monstrous task because it required even more work than usual. Make sense? Good. 
Eileen: Hey, word girl! Eileen? That's my energy monster. You let him go right now! You don't understand, eileen. If we let him go, we'll never get to see the dance of the ice princess. He's mine! Mine! Miiiiine! 

[00:11:28]


[Squeak] heeelllp! The energy monster is loose, and he's melting all the ice in the summer winter carnival! 
Eileen: Ha ha ha ha ha! Uh, your news is just a little late. Hey, that's the nice girl who sold me the granola bars. Remember me, your bestest friend in the whole wide world? I almost didn't recognize you. You look...Taller? Aah! I know! I'm having a bad day, too, but this will cheer us up. Since it's your birthday and I'm your bestest fwiend in the whole wide world, I got you a ticket to the dance of the ice princess show! If you set us free, you can go see the show. I hear it's really good. Right, huggy? 
[Squeak] thanks for letting us go. That was so thoughtful of you, eileen! Anything for my bestest friend! Thanks, eileen! Oh, there you are, becky. That must have been some line at the deep fried sno-cone stand. Uh, yeah. Monstrous line. What happened to the carnival? Well, right after you and bob left, the power completely shut off! The ice rink melted into a pool, the snow makers turned into fountains, and everyone realized it was absurd to have a winter carnival in the summertime. Ha! I can't believe no one thought of that before. Isn't it great?! What about the dance of the ice princess show? Cancelled. No ice. Ohh. But she's been replaced by the water princess! Look! Wow! Now who's up for a frozen hot chocolate she guzzling contest? Me, me, me! I am! Mr. Botsford? Yes! Ok! Yay! 
Narrator: And so once again, word girl and captain huggy face save the day. Their heroics are as refreshing as guzzling a cold drink on a hot summer day. Mmm, mmm. Ahh. If you're thirsty for more crime-fighting goodness, remember to join us next time for another monstrously exciting adventure of "word girl!" ?????? Word girl ?????? hello, I'm beau handsome, and this is... "May I have a word?" As usual, the player who correctly defines today's featured word will win a fabulous prize! Let's play... "May I have a word?" Yes, you may! Today's featured word is doze. To give you a clue, here are some clips from "word girl" that show the meaning of the word. Yes, phil? Uh, I think doze means to dangle from a robot, like tobey was doing in that last clip. Nope! Anyone else? Ok. Give it a shot, emily! Doze means to nap or sleep, kind of like you're doing now. W-w-what? Huh? Sorry. Can you define doze for me again? It means to nap or sleep. That's correct! Are you ok? I've never been better! I don't know why I stayed up all night knitting these earmuffs. They're way too big for my cat. Anyway, congratulations, emily! You are today's winner! Huggy, show her what she's won. An official "word girl" water bed! 

[00:15:14]


[Screeching] 
[yawning] that's it for today's episode. See you next time on... "May I have a word?" 
Narrator: Today's featured words are haggle and defend. Just another ordinary weekday afternoon at the botsford residence, which means it's time for becky's favorite show... "The pretty princess and magic pony power hour!" Come on, bob! It's a commercial. 
Announcer: Watch out, boys and girls. There's a brand-new "pretty princess and magic pony power hour" toy in town! W-what now? 
[Echoing] meet sparkle pts! The newest, most purpleicious, glitteriest, most fantastimagical pony ever! And she only costs $10. ?????? Sparklepaaaaaants ?????? ?????? soaring through yourreams and the sky ?????? I've got to have that pony, but I don't have $10. 
Announcer: Sparkle pants' sparkly pants sold separately. Box is not a toy. Whoa! Look what they're selling in the latest issue of "word girl fan magazine"! It's the only baseball glove that comes with monkey catching power! 
[Crash] aw. But I don't have enough money to buy it. Seems like we both need a way to earn some money. Ha ha ha! Don't worry! Dad's here with a way to make money. How much money will you give us? Well, I haven't figured out an actual amount yet. I guess it would depend on how many chores you did. We could haggle to figure it out. Haggle? To haggle means that I say an amount of money that I think is fair, and you say an amount of money that you think is fair, and we go back and forth until we agree on an amount in between that we both think is fair. Well, that sounds fun. Let's try it. I think a fair amount to pay you and tj is $1.00 for every chore you do. How's that? Good, but I think a fair amount to pay us is $3.00 for every chore we do. Good haggling, becky. Ok, well, um, haggling here. I'll pay you $2.00 for every chore you do. Deal! Whew! Tough haggling! Ta-da! The list! Let's see. The batteries in the tv remote need to be rotated, the buttons on the dishwasher need... 

[00:17:14]


Narrator: Later, becky and tj are hard at work on their chores. Heellllp! Granny may is at the museum stealing cleopatra's famous adjustable bed! You know this isn't a police station, right? Hey, you're right! Heellllp! Come on, bob. Bob and I will go get started on vacuuming the driveway. Aw, I was gonna do that. Word up! 
Narrator: Later, at the museum... Hold it right there, granny may! Word girl! That bed doesn't belong to you. It belongs to the museum. Now give it back! How about some petrified purse mints? Ha! Ow! Ow! Oh, dear! Ouch! I can defend against anything you throw at me! Get a load of this-- blue hair dye splatter! Ha ha! Agh! Ick! Better luck next time, sweetheart! Boop! Ha ha ha! 
[Squeaking] at least we stopped her from stealing the bed. Ugh! Ick! This stuff is never going to come off, and we can't go home looking like this. 
[Squeak] hey, hal's superhero supply shop. Hmm. Didn't that used to be hal's villain supply shop? Let's go check it out. Oh. Looks like you two got the blues! Ha ha ha! I'm just kidding. Very funny. Hal, what happened to your villain supply shop? Eh, that old racquet? Got rid of it. I'm on the straight and narrow now, word girl. I want to help the good guys for a change, which brings us back to that blue dye. I have just the thing for it. A bottle of my very own villain blue dye remover. Heh heh. Oh, wow! Actually, that's really perfect. Heh. Thanks! It's yours urr 10 bucks. 10?! I can't pay that much. I'm saving up for my very own sparklepants pony! Who isn't?! It's 10 bucks, kid. Maybe I can lower the price with a little haggling. I'll pay you $2.00! 2.00? Hey rabbit, is she mad at me? All right.9.00. Aw, but I only have $5.00. What is this, a charity? All right. I guess I can live with $5.00 but just barely. That's all my money! Oh, ok. Ok. Ok. Pay me $5.00, and I'll also throw in this superhero shield to, you know, defend against future blue hair dye attacks. I guess I don't have a choice. Here. Oh. Oh, no! Granny may! Ooh, young man, do you remember me? I came to buy some blue hair dye splatter, and I seem to have used it all. Not a problem. Can I interest you in something even better and more unbeatable? I'm listening. Heh heh. Heh heh heh! 

[00:20:33]


Narrator: Back at the botsford house... Ok, here's your chore money, kids. Heellllp! Granny may's trying to steal cleopatra's bed from the museum again! The police station is still down the street. Oh, right. Heellllp! Step away from cleopatra's mattress! Oh, word girl again! And don't bother with the blue hair dye because I can defend myself against it this time. 
[Squeaks] oh. Well, defend means to protect against or stop an attack. Like if granny may attacks us again with her blue hair dye, we'll defend ourselves by blocking the dye with this shield. But your blue hair dye shield won't defend against this! Boop! Oh! What good is a shield that only defends against blue hair dye? I feel like hal cheated me out of my money. Let's pay him another visit. Wha? Oh! Hal! This is unacceptable! You didn't tell me this superhero shield doesn't defend against fruitcakes! Well, I never said it could defend against fruitcakes, did i? But I spent $5.00 on this thing! Tell you what. I've got a way to defend yourself that's even better than this piece of junk, and you won't even want to haggle because it's only gonna cost you-- let's say, $5.00. 
[Neigh] heellllp!! 
[Neigh] 
[neigh] hee hee ha ha ha! 

[00:22:47]


Narrator: Later, back at the museum... Oh! You again?! Yeah, me again! Stop trying to steal that mattress! Hey, word girl. It sure is a nice, sunny day, don't you think? I guess so. Aha! Boop! Ha! Nice try, granny may! Oh, that's not fair! I just bought this weapon from hal. Wait, wait, wait! Hal is selling you those weapons? Uh, yeah. What do you think? I made them myself? Of course hal sold me these. Well, then he's not being honest because he keeps selling me things that will beat your unbeatable weapons. What? It's so he can get a lot of money from both of us. Every time he sells you a weapon, he sells me something to defend myself against it. And now all of my money is gone! I know the feeling. Now I can't buy my sparklepants doll! I'gonna go over there and teach hal a lesson! Wait! Hal cheated me out of my money too, and I need to bring him to justice! All right, dearie. Just try to keep up! 28, $29, $30! Ha ha ha! Boy, hal, you made out like a bandit. 
Granny May: Hal hardbargain, we're on to you! Uh-oh. You can't both be here at once! Uh, word girl, why don't you come back in a few minutes? I don't think so, hal! You've been taking money from both of us! I'm just an honest businessman trying to make a buck. No, you stopped being honest when you helped commit a crime. What? Now that's a good point. Take this! Boop! Whoa! Ohh! All right, I'm caught. How much is it gonna cost to have you let me go? 
[Neigh] justice isn't something you can haggle about, hal. Ehhh, you can haggle about anything. How about $10 plus the autograph of any supervillain I've worked with in the past? I'm serious--robot clown... Well, granny may, it was interesting being on your side for once. Yep, and now i, the hero, am just going to collect cleopatra's bed as my reward. Yeah. I don't think so, granny may! 

[00:25:21]


Tj: Oh, yeah! This glove is the best, and it's great that I EARNED IT WITH THE TWO Hs-- Hard work and haggling! That's great, tj. What's the matter, becky? You've done all your chores. How come you didn't buy sparklepants? Still saving up, I guess. 
Dad: Hey, you two! Look what I got you! Boxes! Just kidding. More than boxes. There's something in the boxes! I'm just so proud of how hard you two have been working, so I got you both a little something. Whoa! A ball! This will fit perfectly in my ball glove! Whoo! Sparklepants! 
[Neigh] and that's not all. Look in the bottom. That's right! A chore list! 
Narrator: And so word girl defended herself against granny may, haggled with hal hardbargain, and got sparklepants in the end. See you next time on another amazing adventure of... 
Announcer: ?????? Sparklepaaaaaants ?????? ?????? soaring through your dreams and the sky ?????? 
Narrator: "Word girl"! ?????? Word girl ?????? hello. I'm beau handsome, and this is the bonus round of... "May I have word?" Our returning champion will have a chance to play for even greater prizes on the bonus round! Emily, you correctly defined the word doze. Ready to play the bonus round? I sure am! Take a look at these 3 pictures and tell me which one shows the definition for doze. Give it a shot, emily. I'm gonna go with number 3. Violet's mom is dozing at the beach. That's correct! Emily, you're our bonus round winner! Huggy, show her what she's won! An official "word girl" gigantic hair dryer! 
[Screeches] well, that's our show! See you next time on... "May I have a word?" 

[00:27:23]


Narrator: She rescues the city from certain doom. She crushes villains' evil plans with one swift move. And she still has time to play with her unicorn collection! Watch "word girl" only on pbs kids go! Word up! Uncle larry's superlative warehouse! I'm uncle larry, and I deliver the best prices, the best! The most variety... The most! And the biggest bargains on the furniture you want for you lair! Are you sad, unhappy, and dejected because your old lamps aren't bright enough? My competition mig have bright lamps, but uncle larry's has the brightest! The brightest! If it's not the best, it's not uncle larry's. 
Narrator: Captain huggy face, show us what "exhilarated" means. That's right! Exhilarated means to be so happy you almost burst with joy! Congratulations, huggy! 
[Dance music playing] exhilarated. 
Announcer: Pbs kids go! Is exploding with shows every weekday. You're right. Are you sure? Why didn't I know about this? Um...Awkward. 
Announcer: There's no question. See them weekdays on pbs kids go! Or watch anytime you want at pbskidsgo.Org. "Word girl" is made possible by... 
>> Chuck E. Cheese's, proud supporter of PBS Kids, who know kids should act their age, especially when they're having fun. PBS Kids, where a kid can be a kid. And by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. Want more "word girl"? Watch your favorite episodes and test your word power on pbskidsgo.Org. Want word girl's word power? Fly over to your local library. Cape not required. Wooooord up! 

﻿Title: WordWorld - The Lost Letter L; Catch That C!
Description: Duck breaks Frog's lamp, a lever and Frog's log; a bag of letter C's gets away from Pig and Ant.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/18/2008
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

??????k ?????? ?????? And Pig ?????? se! ?????? 
(barks) 
KIDS: Word World! 
(croaks) ?????? Welcome to our world ?????? 
KIDS: Word World! ?????? Word World?????? 
KIDS: Word World! ?????? It's a beautiful world ?????? ?????? Word World.?????? 
KIDS: Yay! Kids: 
(humming) 
NARRATOR: What are you doing today, Frog? 
(croaks) Oh, hi, Mr. Narrator. I'm cleaning up my log before my friends come over tonight. We're going to watch a movie. 
(croaks) 
(humming) Ah. L-amp. Perfect. Oh, Frog! 
(gasps) 
(croaks) 
(giggles) Hi, Frog. Whatcha doing? 
(croaks) Oh, Duck, it's you. 
(croaks) I'm cleaning up my log. 
(gasps) Cleaning up? Ooh, can I help? Can I, can I, can I? Hmm? Hmm? I'm the best cleaner- upper in Word World. 
(gasps, croaks) Phew. Quack, quack. Clean, clean, clean. Okay, okay, okay! Would you like to vacuum? Ooh, you betcha! I loveto vacuum. All right. 
(croaks) I'm going outside to wash the windows. 
(croaks) Let's get going, vacuum. ?????? I'll give Frog a treat ?????? ?????? And make his log all neat ?????? (vacuum whirring) ?????? I don't need a broom ?????? ?????? All I need is you ?????? ?????? Vacuum... ?????? Ah! Quack, quack, quack, quack. Oh! Hey! Vacuum, where you going? Put me down! Stop going so fast. Oh, no, the lamp! Oh! No! 

[00:02:22]


(gas The letter "L." 
(grunting) 
(vacuum stops) 
NARRATOR: Duck, you broke the letter "L, off Frog's lamp. asps) Quack, quack. Oh, what am I gonna do? 
NARRATOR: Just tell Frog what happened. He'll know what to do. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. He'll get mad. 
NARRATOR: No, he won't, Duck. You didn't do it on purpose. It was an accident, and accidents happen. 
(humming) 
(croaking) 
FROG: Oh, Duck. Ah! Quack, quack, quack, quack. 
(grunts) 
(croaks) Oh, hey, uh, Frog. 
(croaks) You're, uh, done washing the windows already? 
(croaks) I sure am. Now, I just have to go and get some popcorn for the movie tonight. Oh, uh, that sounds good. 
(cro I'll be back soon. Okeydokey, Frog. Bye. Oh, I need that "L" back to fix Frog's lamp. 
(grunting) Come out of there, "L." I'm gonna give you to the count of three. One, two, three! Quack. 
(frantic mumbling) Stop it, "L." Oh... The "L"-- I gotta catch the "L." Whoa, oh, oh! Little dizzy here. There's the "L." What's going on, Duck? Huh? Oh, uh, I broke the letter "L" off Fr's lamp, and now I have to fix it before he comes home. The letter "L"? I think I saw it fly over there. 

[00:04:29]


(hums) Hmm. 
(buzzing) Oh, I don't see the "L" up here, Duck, do you? Oh, we need to look more closely. Ooh, I know what to do. We can use Frog's tele-thingy. Hold on, Bug. Quack, quack. I got a bad feeling about this. Ahlet's see if Frog's, uh, tele-thingy can help me find the letter "L." Hmm. It's called a telescope, Duck. Are you sure you know how to use it? 
(mumbling) How hard can it be? Um, hmm... How do I turn this telescope on? 
(gasps): Look, O-N. "On." Heh-heh. That was easy. Now, how do I get it to move? Oh, let's try lever. 
(grunting) Whoa! Ah! Make it stop! Come here, lever. 
(grunting and muttering) Get over here. 
(grunting) Gotcha! Uh-oh. 
NARRATOR: Duck, you broke another letter "L" off the "l-ever." Oh! Gulp. Whoa! 
(yelling) Quack, quack. Ah, quack, quack, quack! Help! Duck! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Ooh, ow! Whoa! (barking) 
(screaming The telescope, make it stop! 
(panting) Oh, oh! Dog, make it stop! Quack, quack. 

[00:06:35]


(yelping) 
(panting) Oh! My hero! Quack, quack. Hey, hey, attaboy, Dog! 
(barking) Hey, what happened, Duck? I broke the "L" off this lever by mistake. Uh-oh. Well, I guess we'll just tell Frog what happened. He'll know what to do. What? No! No, no, no, no. He'll get mad. Oh, no, he won't, Duck. It was an accident. Accidents happen. No, no, I'll just fix the lever, and Frog will never have to know what happened. But first, I've got to get this telescope back inside. 
(grunting) Come on, telescope, get back in the log. Ow. Be careful, Duck. Oh! I said, back in Frog's log! Quack-- ah! Quack, quack, quack, quack. Hey, look, there's the missi letter "L" from "lamp." 
(gasps) Uh, what's happening? Quack, quack. Ah, I can't look! (whining) Oh, no. 
BUG: Whoa, whoa! Uh-oh. 
(all shouting) 
(barking) 
DUCK: I found the letter "L" for the lamp. 
(Frog croaking) 
(croaking) 
(humming) 
(speaking gibberish) 
(croaking) 
(gasps) My log! 

[00:08:37]


(grunting) 
(croaking) Oh, uh, hey, Frog. You ready to watch the movie? Duck! What happened to my log?! Oh. That. Well... (gulps) 
NARRATOR: It's okay, Duck. Tell Frog what happened. Um... (quacks) Well... first I broke the "L" off your lamp. As I was trying toix it, I broke off the "L" off the lever to your telescope. So, then when I had to fix that, then somehow I broke the "L" off your log. And... that's when you... came home. Then. Oh. Duck. But I didn't mean to do it. Any of it. It was all a big accident. Why didn't you just tell me when you broke the lamp? 
(sobbing): Because I thought you'd be mad. 
(crying and quacks) Are you mad, Frog? No, Duck. I wouldn't be mad. After all, accidents happen. 
(crying): Oh! I'm sorry, Frog. It's okay, Duck. It looks like all the letters are still here. All we have to do is... 
ALL: Build a word! 
(music playing) ?????? It's time to build a word ?????? ?????? Let's build it, let's build it now! ?????? Luh-og. 

﻿Title: WordWorld - The Lost Letter L; Catch That C!
Description: Duck breaks Frog's lamp, a lever and Frog's log; a bag of letter C's gets away from Pig and Ant.
Channel: 12 - WHYYDT
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 12:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 8/18/2008
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

bld it, let's builit now. ?????? Sluh-ide. 
KIDS: Slide! ?????? Yeah, we just built a word ?????? ?????? We built it, we built it! ?????? 
(giggles) Ready? One... two... three... 
BOTH: Sl 
(both laughing) Sweet! Let's do it again! 
(laughing) 
BOTH: Slide! 
(pants, barks) 
KID: Word World! 
KIDS: Word World! ?????? Welcome to the place where words come alive ?????? 
KID: Let's build a word. 
KIDS: Word World. 
KID: Word World. 
KIDS: ?????? Jump to the beat ?????? ?????? Clap your hands in the air ?????? 
KIDS: Let's build a word! Word World! 
KID: Word World. ?????? We've got friends of every size ?????? ?????? Building words before our eyes ?????? ?????? Nothing's better than a letter ?????? ?????? They hold our world together ?????? ?????? With Dog ?????? ?????? And Sheep ?????? ?????? And Duck ?????? ?????? And Pig ?????? ?????? There's always a surprise! ?????? 
(barks) 
KIDS: Word World! 
(croaks) 
(whimpers) 
(giggles) ?????? Welcome to our world ?????? 
KIDS: Word World! ?????? Word World?????? 
KIDS: Word World! ?????? It's a beautiful world ?????? ?????? Word World.?????? 
KIDS: Yay! Kids: 
(Narrator sniffs and sighs) 
NARRATOR: Smells good. Mmm. Yummy, yum, yum. 
NARRATOR: Pig and Ant must be making Ant's favorite-- cookies. ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? Let's make some cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies yummy ?????? ?????? Cookies sweet ?????? ?????? Cookies for our friends to eat ?????? ?????? Cookies! ?????? All right, Pig. We have the "ookie" part ready for our cookies! So, all we need is the... "ka" sound to make them cookies. And the letter that makes that sound is... The letter "C." Kuh-ookie. Cookies! Cookies! ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? We made some cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies ?????? ?????? The word cookie starts with a "C" ?????? ?????? And that sounds really cooto me ?????? ?????? Cookies yummy ?????? ?????? Cookies sweet ?????? ?????? Cookies for our friends to eat ?????? ?????? Cookies! ?????? ?????? Cookies! ?????? 

[00:02:46]


(grunts) Hey, look, Pig. You've got a fresh bag of letter Cs right here in your fridge. Here you go. Catch! 
(grunts) 
(crash) Whoa! This thing's heavy! You want some help, Pig? I have it. I have it. 
(grunts) I don't have it. Oh, no! The letter Cs, they're getting away! If we don't catch them, we won't be able to finish the cookies! 
(grunts) 
(gasps): There's one! I'll get it. Come here, "C." Whoa! Whoa! 
(groans and screams) Come here, "C." I got it. Whoa... I don't got it. 
ANT (gasps): The "c." It's headed for Sheep's yard! Come on, Ant. Let's catch that "C." 
NARRATOR: Pig and Ant chased the letter "C" over to Sheep's haystack, where Sheep was pretending to be... Racecar driver Sheep, here. Okay, Dog, are you ready to build our car? 
(barks) Okay, here goes! Hmm. All I need is a letter "C." Oh. How about that-- a letter "C." Kuh-arr. 
(horhonks) 
KIDS: Car! Hop in, Dog! 
(barks happily) Ready, Dog? Let's go drive our car. 
(tires screeching) 
ANT: Oh! Oh! The "C." It's getting away! Oh, no! We can't finish making the cookies without the letter" C." Oh! 

[00:04:50]


(gasps) Look! A letter "C." Come on, Ant! Let's catch that "C." 
NARRATOR: Pig and Ant took off after another letter "C." Those Cs were all over the place. 
(Pig and Ant panting) Ooh! Hmm. Where did that letter "C" go? 
BOTH: Hmm. 
(Ant gasps) There it is in that tree! Oh. 
(laughs) I'll get it. 
ANT: No. I'll get it. Oh! Oh! Whoa! Whoa! 
(sighs) Oh. 
(mutters) Oh. Whoa. Whoa. Oh. Ow! Oh! 
(grunting gibberish) Oh, no! We need that letter "C" to finish our cookies. Hold on, Ant! I'll catch that "C." 
FROG: Okay, Robot, that should do it. Your automatic ice cream scooper is ready to go. 
(croaks) Oh, joy! We can eat ice-cream cones. I scream, you scream. We all scream for ice cream. 
(laughs) But first, I have to make the cones. C... O... N... E. Kuh-own. 
KIDS: Cone! Ready, Robot? When I say, "ice cream," start the scooper. Okay, Frog. Ice cream! Icecream. 
(whirring) 
(croak) My automatic ice cream scooper works! Okay, Robot, one ice-cream cone for you, and... 
(Ant mumbling) Look out! Whoa! Oh! 

[00:07:00]


KIDS: Cone! Hey, another ice-cream cone. 
(whirring) Ice cream! 
(whirring) 
(croaks) Hey, Frog, did you see a letter "C" come through here? 
(slurping) Yeah. I used it to make an ice-cream cone. It wassw... eet! Sw... eet? That's my line. Pig, over here! Oh, there you are, good buddy. Do you see what I see? 
PIG (gasps): Another letter "c." If we catch it, we can still make our cookies. Come on, Ant, let's... catch that "C." Catch that "C." 
ANT: I'll get it. 
PIG: Ooh, we're going to get it this time. No, I'll get it. I'll get it. All right, get ready, everybody. I'm gonna do something really amazing. Something I've never done before. Oh, what is it? What is it? Tell us! I'm gonna have... an idea. 
(gasping) ALL: Wow! Yeah. I just have to put on my thinking cap, and use it to think up a great big idea. 
(sighs) Hey, what's the matter with my cap? 
(quacks) Duck, that's not a cap. It's just an "ap." Our friend Bug is right, Duck. You're missing the letter "C" to make it a cap. The letter "C"? Where am I gonna find a letter "C"? 
(sighs) 
(panting) Almost... got you. Oh. 
PIG: Incoming! Hey, that's my line. Geronimo! Uh-oh. 

[00:09:05]


KIDS: Cap! Well, what do you know? Quack, quack. My thinking cap. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa. Whoa. Whoa! Quack! Oh. No! Oh! 
(crying) What's the matter, Ant? Pig and I were trying to make cookies, but we dropped the letter Cs, and we've been chasing them all day. But everyone needs a letter "C," and I... 
(mutters and cries) What's the use? 
(sobbing) Huh? Oh, it's okay, little buddy. I guess we're just not going to catch that "C" today. Let's go home. 
(crying) Okay. Good-bye, everyone. Oh, poor Ant! And usually, he is so strong. We've got to do something to help them. 
(cap bleeping) Oh! Oh! Quack, quack! Oh, oh, hold one just one minute. I'm getting an idea. Oh, and it's a great big idea, too. Why don't we find a letter "C" for Pig and Ant, huh? Duck, my friend, you are genius! And that is quite the snappy cappy, I might add. But where are we gonna find a letter "C"? Oh! I just so happen to have a whole chest of the letter "C" right here. You know crab starts with the letter "C." It's a handsome letter, no? 
NARRATOR: Pig and Ant returned to the barn without their letter Cs, and without the letter Cs, they couldn't make any cookies. ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? We have no cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies yummy, cookies sweet ?????? ?????? Cookies for our friends to eat! ?????? 
ALL: Surprise! What are you guys doing here? Your worries are over, my friends. We have brought you all the Cs you need to make your cookies. You have?! Really?! We're to help you... 

[00:11:17]


ALL: Build a word! 
(music playing) ?????? It's time to build a word ?????? ?????? Let's build it, let's build it now! ?????? Kuh-ookie. 
KIDS: Cookie! ?????? Yeah, we just built a word ?????? ?????? We built it, we built it! ?????? Now, let's eat! Now, let's eat! 
(both laughing) Cookies! ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? Cookies, cookies ?????? ?????? We made some cookies! ?????? ?????? The word cookie starts with a "C" ?????? Yeah! ?????? And that sounds really cool to me ?????? ?????? Cookies yummy ?????? ?????? Cookies sweet ?????? PIG: Sw... eet! ?????? Cookies for our friends to eat ?????? ?????? Cookies! ?????? 
(all talking at once) Sw... eet! 
(laughs) 
NARRATOR: After all that running around chasing Cs, you sure deserve those cookies. Mmm, mmm! 
NARRATOR: The end. Come join the WordFriends for more WordPlay adventures at: Hi there. Dash here. I've got a great dancing game for you at pbskids.Org. Let's dance along. 
Woman: ?????? Come on, it's time to dance ?????? ?????? get on your feet and dance ?????? ?????? it's dash's dance party, dance, dance party, let's go ?????? ?????? dance party, dash's dance party ?????? are you ready? Now dance along to my song. 
Dash: Everybody stomp your feet. Stomp, freeze. Stomp, freeze. Everybody shake to the beat. Shake, freeze. Shake freeze. Everybody hop real high. Hop, freeze! Hop, freeze. Now it's time to say bye-bye. Wave, freeze. Wave, freeze. Stomp, freeze. Shake, freeze. Wave, freeze. Bye-bye! You can keep on dancing with your favorite pbs kids friends on the computer at pbskids.Org. Thanks for dancing. Got to dash. 

[00:13:43]


Woman: ?????? Dh's dance party ?????? 
(children laughing) Word Worldis funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Department of Education. 
(school bell ringing) 
KIDS: School! 

[00:15:51]


>> Barney & friends is made possible by contributions to your pbs station from viewers like you. Thank you. 
[cheerful instrumental music] ?????? ?????? 

﻿Title: Your World With Neil Cavuto
Description: Money tips from Wall Street.
Channel: 360 - FNC
Recorded On: 10/23/2012 4:00:00 PM
Original Air Date: 10/7/1996
Transcript Generated by SnapStream Enterprise TV Server
=======================================================

A cliff? Welcome, everyone, I am neil cavuto. We told you to watch your boss. Your boss is bummed and now we know why. Stocks not only are down, but down a lot, moving down 240 points on fears of what starts a trickle has now become potentially a terrifying friend. Companies that just ain't cutting it, and, now, they are cutting workers and screaming, you ain't seen the half of it with dupont reporting disappointing earnings and possibly 1,500 job cuts and 3m, earnings that fell shy and worstening european market. Same for xerox, tightening restructuring charge of up to $100 million on the same globaller fews. Radio shack, out with bigger than expected third quarter loss igniting fears consumers are retrenching. Do you see a pattern? United technologies. Ibm. FedEx. McDONALD'S. All announcing big dollar problems and bracing wall street what could be the mother of all slow downs next year. Way too soon to tell. But wall street did not like any of it today. The s&p 500 slicing through a key support level whichs what not been visited since early september. The come back was supposedly on and now all bets are off. My guest is worried. Forget whether we are having an economic attraction, but, "wall street journal" and author says we have a more worrisome earning correction. We are not the fairest of them all. What do you think of this? >>Guest: THE ECONOMY IS SO 

[00:02:00]


Confounding. Isn't it? You think the slumbering giant will pick itself up and we have a lousy week led by the earnings reports. >>Neil: IF THE CONSUMER ARE Not seeing it, that is not encouraging. >>Guest: IT ISN'T. The low earnings reports are driven by one thing: Consumers are not buying products right now. You look at company balance sheets and they are better than two or three years ago and they is cut all the fat and hope to see government do what the companies are doing. So they cannot get anymore growth by cutting their spending. They have to get consumers to buy their products. That is where the earningsre terrible right now. Why aren't consumers spending? Is it because they are just fearful of the future? I have said the real problem with this economy the last four years, the reason it has been an incredibly anemic recovery is the one overriding sentiment in the economy, still, four years since the economy collapsed, and it is the fear problem. That is the overriding senator tilt. >>Neil: IT IS ONE FINDING IF It was in one sector, such as technology, like intel or whatever. BUT NOW IT is McDonald's. Radio shack. It has spread. There are concerns over health care, et cetera. >>Guest: HERE IS THE VICIOUS Cycle, the tom is going through this arc and investors spend less and you get in a vicious cycle. I would say, well, we have an election in two weeks and the big issue that investors are looking at or should look at, what will happen with capital gains taxes? What will happen with the dividend tax? What will happen with small business, those things up in the 

[00:04:00]


air. But it depends what happens with the election. The tax rates will probably not go up if obama -- if mitt romney --. >>Neil: WHAT THESE GUYS ARE Saying, this is a global problem. Would it be solved with the locations? >>Guest: I WAS THINKING ABOUT That and I looked at stock market in november of 1994 the last time we had the big republican landslide election and in 24 hours of that election the market went through a six-year boom. So, maybe. >>Neil: BILL CLINTON TOOK Credit for that. >>Guest: THE COMBINATION OF Clinton who m to the center d six great years. >>Neil: IF THE PRESIDENT IS Re-elected would he move to the center? >>Guest: I HOPE SO. I would like to think that. Probably not. But --. >>Neil: HE WOULD INTERPRET This as a vindication? >>Guest: I THINK THAT, Actually, that uncertainty and fear is playing on the market. In two weeks we could have a big, big, bull market. We could see that kind of 1994 change. Once the cloud of fear disperses and it can happen so quickly, you can see all of these fundamentals change almost overnight. >>Neil: THANK YOU, ALWAYS GOOD To see you. In the meantime, from the meltdown to now what is looking like a dead heat head of the debate, a poll in the crucial state of he showing governor romney now, tied with the president. My pollster is here on what that says right now. David, what does that say right now? >>Guest: IT IS AMAZING, 47 Percent and 47 percent an even split in the most important state in the country. >>Neil: WHAT HAPPENED? Does this factor in the debate last night? We will get rolling axes but we know from prior debates even those that the vice president had the edge on the debate 

[00:06:02]


points in the debate with paul ryan and the president in his second debate with mitt romney but he did not get much poll follow-through. What do you suspect is trending right now? >>Guest: THE OVERRIDING ISSUE Is the economy and jobs. If youook at any of the polls, the last flee polls: Nevada, new hampshire, ohio, the economy and jobs is the number one issue and that drive the momentum and the continued momentum of mitt romney to this point. >>Neil: WHEN FOLKS AT HOME Hear of layoffs, in the case of dupont, a drop in the stock market that could be reversed tomorrow. We do follow so many companies on the same day, saying the same thing we are worried, we are cutting back, our numbers are worse than we thought, that is unusual but having said that, do people put two and two and two and two together and say, well, my boss is worried, I should be worried? >>Guest: ABSOLUTELY. Four years ago we were polling we were in the field in virginia when the market chanced. Voters many of whom had 401(k)'s lost half of them overnight and had to blame someone and we saw in three days how the numbers flipped. john McCain, people blamed john McCain for the fact that they lost so much money. You may see the reverse of that happening. They will hold their politicians accountable. Especially when it comes to economic issues. >>Neil: I HAD A NUMBER OF Obama surrogates talking to me last night in boca raton on fox business news and one thing that came up, say what you will of the volatility of markets because recently it has been all over the map but largely off than on the dow has doubled under the president, markets have rebuked -- rebounded, so, 

[00:08:03]


take a bow, mr. President. What do you say? >>Guest: WELL, IT IS POSSIBLE. What we are looking at, if you look at those three states we polled, you look at people who said economy and jobs was the number one issue, or taxes, mitt romney leads by 30 points of those subcategories. You look at those who said health care is the most important or education is the most important issue, president obama won by 23 points. You have two different products on the shelf. People have to pick what they need more of. Right now it is the economy, jobs and secondarily, taxes. >>Neil: A NAP SHOT IN OHIO IF It trends this way now and showing that romney has the momentum, historically does that work two weeks before the election? >>Guest: ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN. We know the undecided 2-1 against the incumbent and mitt romney is winning by three points write people would plan to vote and president obama leads by 13 points among people who have cast ballots. When you mix it all up you have 47 percent and 47 percent, dead even, 3 percent going to third party candidates, by the way, and 3 percent undecided. >>Neil: THE THIRD PARTY VOTE Will be big in nevada and virginia, certainly. Thank you. If you liked our coverage of all the debates and the conventions, the best is yet to come. We have two days of special pre-election coverage including november 3 from 10:00 a.M. To 12:00 noon and we are back the following day, sunday, a special version of "your world" on sunday, november 4th and the big one of them all, election night, nonstop, we start at 6:55 

[00:10:07]


p.M. We are trying to take bets and i say it will go until 2:00 in the morning but I will stay late until we have the results. The longer it goes, the more punchy I get. We will see. Be with us. Foreign market reaction, your reaction, kind of things you can only get in one place on fox business network. We told you from the beginning when fox business network started five years ago, your money, your life, and it would be our livelihood. We mean it. We are on it. TUESDAY THE 6th. >> Why is pat saying that the "ship "just hit the fan for the president. >> We have ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines. this? Lyric can. Lyric can. Lyric can. Lyric by Phonak is the world's only 24/7, 100% invisible hearing device. It's tiny. But Lyric's not just about what you can't see. It's about what it can do. Lyric can be worn 24/7 for up to four months, without battery changes. And Lyric can be worn showering, sleeping and exercising. You might forget it's even there. 

[00:12:09]


Call for a risk--free trial. And you'll see Lyric can also give you exceptionally clear, natural sound in quiet and noisy environments because of how it work ear's own anatomy. Can your hearing aid do all this? Lyric can. To learn more about Lyric's advanced technology, Call or visit trylyric.com for a risk--free 30--day trial offer. and hear what a little Lyric can do for you. Lyric from Phonak. Life is on. >>Neil: MARK ZUCKERBERG PROVED Himself, one of the youngest 

[00:14:10]


billionaire would has seen his sense of worth and value cut in half over the stocks with the latest revenue sales over all coming in a little bit north of expectations at north of $1.25 billion. On paper he was worth in excess of $30 billion and now with the stock at $19.56, way down, from a stock that climbed to $45 but he is still a billionaire many times over. >> Governor romney maybe has not spent enough time looking how our military works. You mention the navy. We have fewer ships than in 1916. We have fewer horses and bayonets. The nature of our mellary has changed. We have aircraft carriers and planes land on them. We have ships that go under water, nuclear submarines, so the question inot a game of battle ship where we are counting ships but what are our capabilities? >>Neil: AND THAT SOUNDED Condescending. >>Guest: BUT ROMNEY WAS A Wuss. They had a strategy to play safe. Look, I thought he was going to endorse obama it was so bad. He was --. >>Neil: THE STRATEGY WAS THAT He wasn't trying to ruffle feathers and he just wanted to sound competent and get female voters. >>Pat: CAN YOU DO THAT WITHOUT Being a wuss, he could have put obama away in the debate. I had someone in the room watching the debate and I said, right away, he shut have said, 

[00:16:10]


mr. President, the navy doesn't ride horses or wave sabers they protect the sea lanes and when you cut them by the third, the aircraft carriers, our nuclear submarines, guess what, what you have left cannot be in two places. >>Neil: WHEN HE MEIONED THE Aircraft carriers stint that -- isn't that on water? How do you think people at home reacted? >>Pat: WHEN HE MENTIONED THE Economy, the dials went up, but it was unconscionable not to address libya. To take a dive on libya. It is like in october of 1972, sitting on a debate platform WITH NIXON and McGovern --. >>Neil: BUT THEY DID NOT Debate. >>Pat: SMART. il: THIS IS ALL ABOUT WHAT Will happen in two weeks. Did this change anything in >>Pat: NO. If this was the first debate the selection over and obama would win. It was romney's task was not the same as the first debate. That first debate was decisive. Now we have an election where he did what he had to do, and you can see if the last poll, if obama does not gi the traditional presidential incumbent bounce, the beginning of the week, it is katie bar the door. >>Neil: WHY DIDN'T HE GET A Bounce after the second debate, to --. >>Pat: BECAUSE ROMNEY ON THE Economy and the issues that matter, the economy, the debt, all those issues, he did well. The president's problem is he, look, I said to you months ago, this is romney's election to lose and until october 3rd he was losing. Now he is in it. We talk about ohio and talking 

[00:18:14]


with dave, but look what is happening in the states like pennsylvania, minnesota, states that had no money. If I said two weeks before the election in indiana in 2008, indiana and north carolina would go for president obama without have said I was crazy. >>Neil: I SAY THAT NOW. This is on the verge of tipping between 1980 and 2004 and if the president did not get what he should have gotten last night, oh no. >>Neil: NO MORE TNA FOR THE T.S.A. Our heroes are coming home. Assembly lines are humming again. There are still challenges to meet. Children to educate. A middle class to rebuild. But the last thing we should do is turn back now. PRESIDENT OBAMA: I'm Barack Obama and... I approve this message. 

[00:20:25]


Jack, boring. Boring. Boring. [ Jack ] AFTER LAUREN BROKE UP WITH ME, I went to the citi private pass page and decided to be...Not boring. That's how I met marilyn... Giada... Really good. Yes! [ Jack ] ...AND ALICIA. 
?????? This girl is on fire   ??????
[ Male Announcer ] USE ANY CITI???? CARD To get the benefits of private pass. More concerts. More events. More experiences. [ Jack ] HEY, WHO'S BORING NOW? [ Male Announcer ] GET MORE ACCESS WITH A Citi card. [ crowd cheering, mouse clicks ] Just because you live out here, doesn't mean you have to settle for slow, dial-up internet. That's because getting high-speed internet by satellite is now easier than ever with new hughesnet gen4. With improved download capacity and new plans that are up to 15 times faster than before, america's number one choice for satellite internet is now better than ever. With hughesnet gen4, you can do more of what you love to do online. Get more of the news, business and weather updates that you need. Check your e-mail. Share photos. And, shop online. If you want high-speed internet where you live, there's never been a better time than right now. In fact, standard installation is free when you order hughesnet today. So, what are you waiting for? Your best choice in satellite internet is just a phone call away. Call today and get free standard installation. Just call the number on your screen or go online today. >>Neil: THE MAN CALLED ONE OF The most gifted c.E.O.'S of the c.E.O.-Dom, informing the board he will leave the company in 

[00:22:25]


february of next year. Again, this was widely anticipated but for serious xm it never caught on to the degree many thought it would. Apparently it has been a problem making significant money and seeing a greater stock appreciation. So the c.E.O. Is stepping down from sirius and he could have his pick of companies to go to. He is leaving sirius. This just in, the controversial airport body scanners are on their way out. The t.S.A. Now swapping those machines for machines that did not take such graphic pictures. I told you so. >> I know the maker of the machines, there is going to be an image and they will be a saved image what I wear under my outfit. Just so you know. Bottom line, our bottoms are online. The t.S.A. Is really into tna and I told you it would happen. I warned them, the judge says, look what happened now, the judge also warning about these things. I guess the question now, what do they go through instead? >>Judge Napolitano: THEY Have not told us, but I guess they will go to a dialed back version that will not reveal as were graphic information about our parts as these do or to the old metal machines that show them what they need to see, which is metal I am not in favor of those. In my view all of this is unconstitutional and unlawful and the 4th amendment tale prohibits it, and it is insane for the government to assume the responsibility for safety in the air. >>Neil: BUT YOU ALSO HAVE THE Safety net? Would you live with this if it 

[00:24:29]


means that the alternative is the plane is not blowing out up. >>Guest: THAT IS NOT THE Alternative. The alternative is the airlines which have the most to gain and the most to lose maintain their own security. The government security personnel, as we learned in newark, is reprehensible. >>Neil: IS THAT A HUMAN BEING Or an alien? I don't know how helpful it is. >>Guest: THAT IS A PHOTOGRAPH Of an image, if you are actually looking at images and I have seen these up close, and there is a good deal more detail. >>Neil: THEY IS TO NO ONE OUT Something. They can even digitize it. >>Judge Napolitano: BY THEIR Own statute, all they have to fine is an instrument that can harm someone else. They do not immediate to see body shapes or pornographic images or if you have explosives or if you have metal. Now, when you approach the government and you go like this, is this the position of a free person would raises his hands in command of the government. Not in the america we were born and raised. >>Neil: WHEN YOU GO IN ONE OF The machines do you give them this? >>Judge Napolitano: I DON'T Want to explain on television the run ins I have but I do a rot of flying and they are familiar with my opinions of their work is the constitutionality of their objection. Some do not agree with my opinions. >>Neil: BUT YOU WOULD BE THE Most hellish person to come across at them. >>Judge Napolitano: AS FAR As I know they don't have pornographic pictures of me. Not a pretty thought. >>Neil: THEY DO WITH ME. They are not threatening but it seems like a bad science fiction movie. Mandatory military cuts that the 

[00:26:30]


president signed on to and now he says forget about them, the virginia governor heard that and he wants to respond do that and he is. NEXT.!0T@@!??@@@d$$ ?? ?? 44(?? @@@ @@[H7 7 ?? ] flavor. Flavor, meet food. It's time for swanson flavor boost. Concentrated broth in easy to use packets. Mix it into skillet dishes, for an instant dose of... Hell-o! [ Female Announcer ] GET RECIPES AT FLAVORBOOST.COM. 60's... I've got a nice long life ahead. Big plans. So when I found out Medicare DOESN'T PAY ALL MY MEDICAL EXPENSES, I looked at my options. THEN I GOT A Medicare SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE Plan. [ Male Announcer ] IF YOU'RE ELIGIBLE FOR Medicare, You may know it only covers about 80% OF YOUR Part B MEDICAL EXPENSES. 

[00:28:32]


The rest is up to you. Call now and find out ABOUT AN AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, INSURED BY UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company. LIKE ALL STANDARDIZED Medicare SUPPLEMENT Plans, IT HELPS PICK UP SOME OF WHAT Medicare DOESN'T Pay. And could save you thousands in out-of-pocket costs. To me, relationships matter. I've been with my doctor for 12 years. Now I know I'll be able to stick with him. [ Male Announcer ] WITH THESE TYPES OF PLANS, You'll be able to visit any doctor or hospital THAT ACCEPTS Medicare PATIENTS. Plus, there are no networks, and you never need a referral to see a specialist. So don't wait. Call now and request this free decision guide TO HELP YOU BETTER UNDERSTAND Medicare... AND WHICH AARP Medicare Supplement Plan Might be best for you. There's a wide range to choose from. We love to travel -- and there's so much more to see. So we found a plan that can travel with us. Anywhere in the country. [ Male Announcer ] JOIN THE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE Who have already enrolled IN THE ONLY Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans Endorsed by aarp, an organization serving the needs of people 50 and over for generations. Remember, ALL Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans HELP COVER WHAT Medicare DOESN'T PAY. And could save you thousands a year in out-of-pocket costs. Call now to request your free decision guide. And learn more about the kinds of plans that will be here for you now -- and down the road. I have a lifetime of experience. So I know how important that is. >>Neil: VERNOR ROMNEY IS OUT With a new ad hammering the president over what it is calling dangerous cuts in defense. >> The world need as strong america and it is stronger now than when I came to office. >> Our navy is smaller than any time since 1917. That is unacceptable to me. 

[00:30:33]


This is the highest responsibility of the president of the united states. >>Neil: IS A HIGH PRIORITY FOR My next guest, a state with a huge navy presence, virginia republican governor with us. Governor, what did you make of the dismissive view, the president's view of navy, not like the old days, quit focusing on the past and what was big then? >>Guest: WELL, I THOUGH IT Was an unbelievable statement to compare horses and bayonets to naval ships today. The defense review says we need 346 ships. >>Neil: BUT PANETTA USED THE World war I analogy, his defense secretary but when he used that, the aircraft carriers and all that, that the aircraft carriers threat on war, by I degrees. Do you think the president helped or hurt himself? I got a laugh in the press room, the spin room, but it did not resonate at home? >>Guest: IT HURT FOR HIM. In virginia it hurts our country if this policy goes into play. We are headed to 250 ships. China is on the upswing with ships and it undermines the ability the american war fighter to maintain a strong presence for good around the world and for us, in virginia, 200,000 jobs are being lost by the defense cuts that president obama refuses to intervene. So home of the united states navy, increase folk naval base, this is not a good policy or is it helping him with the voters. >>Neil: WE WILL SEE IF THAT IS The case. What crossed my mind, maybe because I am a resident nerd he talked about sequestration and 

[00:32:36]


he dismissed them out of hand. React to this, quickly. >>Guest: THE QUAESTOR IS NOT Something I propose. It is something that congress has proposed. It will not happen were the budget we talking about is not reducing our military spending. It is maintaining it. >>Neil: WHY BELIEVE HE HAS THE Power to make it not happen. >>Guest: THERE WERE MULTIPLE False hooteds. He has not had a budget in 3 1/2 years so I am not sure what he is talking about. He is wrong. If we do nothing, this sequestration defense cut $1 trillion to defense over the next 10 years, it will go into effect january 1 and notices go out for the defense contractors in the next ten days. So unless the lame duck session --. >>Neil: DO THOSE WORKERS, WE Are told the white house requested the notices be delayed. What do you hear? >>Guest: WELL, WHAT THE President has said is if you don't send them out and you are sued we will pay the legal freight that is unacceptable and that is not correct it is up to the defense contract. Some will send them and some won't. Point is, the president's refusing to leads. After the super committee failed he has a year, a year to get congress to work together and get an alternative. The house of representatives pass a bill if may and it has been sitting on harry reid's desk for six months and we have hundreds of thousands of men and women in uniform from virginia who are not getting the support they need because of the uncertainty in the defense department and with the defense contractors and hundreds of thousands of jobs in virginia so it is a failure of leadership. That is why mitt romney is the only one that will turn this around and lead. >>Neil: THANK YOU VERY MUCH, Governor. >> Ripping over russia. >> A few months ago you asked, what is the biggest geopolitical threat facing america and you said russia. Not al qaeda, but russia. 

[00:34:37]


In the 1980's, now, are asking for their foreign picy bet because the cold war has been over for on years. >>Guest: I WILL NOT WEAR ROSE Colored we glasses with russia or putin and I will not say i will give you more flexibility after the election. After the election he will get more backbone. >>Neil: ALL RIGHT, K.T. JOINS Us and says the governor has it right. >>Guest: THE SECOND DEBATE Made everyone woman angry sounding like two squabbling boys. We wanted them to go work it out. Many had a different reaction. You like thinginge arguing. I like that mitt romney did not swing, and not take bait. Who was he talking to? Suburb an women. Those are the people. >>Neil: I CAN UNDERSTAND NOT Taking a swings but something? Dance? Weave? >>Guest: ROMNEY HAD TO DO Three things. >>Neil: DID HE EXPLAIN RUSSIA? >>Guest: HE DIDN'T TAKE IT. >>Neil: WHAT DO YOU THINK OF Russia? Everyone leads to russia, financing for iran and al qaeda, it does goes back to russia. He should proudly own that. And take that. >>Guest: HE DID. Where he could have gone with that compensate was when the president implied al qaeda was a big threat, five daze before september september you were at the democratic convention and said al qaeda was not a problem and then five days later they killed an ambassador from america. >>Neil: BUT HE DIDN'T DO THAT. The crown -- drone caught the crowds, but that was an 

[00:36:37]


opportunity lost by mitt romney. >>Guest: I AM NOT SURE. I I would have taken more punches. Here is the thing. Romney needed to not sound like george bush. He needed to sound like reagan. I will be an economic power and use economic warfare against our enemies and fix the economy. National security is number one, is the economy. If the economy doesn't work nothing else works. >>Neil: WOMEN DO NOT LIKE THE Bluster? They don't like the constant arguing. What do you like? >>Guest: HOW LONG HAVE YOU Been married? >>Neil: CANDY AND FLOWERS? >>Guest: TO LOOK PRESIDENTIAL. What did he do and he lured obama into looking snarky. >>Neil: A BRILLANT WOMAN LIKE You will go for snarky over substance? >>Guest: NO, I WON'T, THAT IS The advantage that romney had, he got obama to behave that way. >>Imus: THIS EXPLAINS MORE Women moving to romney? >>Guest: HE HAS GONE FROM 18 Points pro obama and now down to 11 points. All romney needs to do is get a few more percentage points of suburban women and he wins. Why? Men have already voted. They have decided they like romney. He has to get the women's vote and you do not want to look like a warmongerrer. The interesting thing, obama gave himself an opportunity to have some kind of an october or november surprise. >>Neil: THERE ARE TWO WEEKS. >>Guest: HE COULD DO IT THE HE Could say we now have information, I want to announce to the membership we have done drown strikes in eastern libya and gone after the al qaeda training cans. Could move the meter ifingothing 

[00:38:42]


else will. >>Neil: WHATEVER YOU SAY, Dear. >>Guest: YOU ARE HAPPILILY Happen -- happy being married.Ing up some, brochures, posters copies of my acceptance speech. Great! It's always good to have a backup plan, in case I get hit by a meteor. Wow, your hair looks great. Didn't realize they did photoshop here. Hey, good call on those mugs. Can't let 'em see what you're drinking. Kno 7o get nasty. Here's your "honk if you had an affair with taylor" yard sign. Looks good. [ Male Announcer ] FEDEX OFFICE. Now save 50% on banners. 

[00:41:29]


throat) Thank you, Mr. Speaker, uh, members of Congress. In celebration of over 75 years of our Government Employees Insurance Company, or GEICO...as most of you know it. .. NEWCASTER: Breaking news. The Gecko is demanding free pudding. And political parties that are actual parties! With cake! And presents! Ah, that was good. Too bad nobody could hear me. GEICO. Fifteen minutes could save you fifteen percent or more on car insurance. >> Now it is getting confused. Apple has a smaller ipad, a smaller version with 7.9" screen, and weighs half as much with a new version of that one, too, if you go to their site there are 5,000 different offerings here. Good luck figuring it out. But the mini, microsoft, also, has something coming out on the very same day you can buy these, the first time it has gone into hardware to make something like this all in the same day and it will be like this, great nuclear great at the same time. Retailers are beefing up plans to bring in customers for the holidays, and toys 'r us, and revamping layaway and reservation options and the guy lead all of this, the toys 'r us c.E.O. You have your own kid ipad version. >>Guest: YES, WE HAVE A Special pad, full of kids' applications both learning applications and fun ones like angry birds at $149.99. >>Neil: HALF THE PRICE OF THE Mini ipad. >>Guest: IT GIVES CHILDREN A 

[00:43:29]


Chance to use a pad and play with it. It is doing awesome with huge reservations and it launches this week, and sales are through the roof. >>Neil: YOU HIRED A LOT OF Prairie christmas house. >>Guest: 45,000 AND LAST YEAR Was 40,000. We added a lot of services, like layaway which is going fantastic. A huge surge in people getting their products through layaway and now it is free at toys 'r us. >>Neil: WHAT DOES THAT MEAN, Layaway? You commit to getting the gift and when do you pay for it >>Guest: CUSTOMERS COME TO THE Store, pick out the product, put down a deposit and get it between now and december 16 and they pay during that period. They pay down. >>Neil: WHEN THEY FINALLY GET It they have to have it paid for not like you are stringing temperature along. >>Guest: WE HAVE BEEN DOING This for years and customers lover it because it is a way spread out the payment, and, also, since what we talking about is a gift for your child you have a chance for us to store it rather than you storing it. >>Neil: AND YOU GET THE HOT Sellers early. >>Guest: WE HAVE HUGE PRESELLS On nintendo's new platform, a basic system in a long time and it is selling qualify and lego's is very strong. >>Neil: AND IT HAS EXPANDED TO Girl? >>Guest: YES, ONE OF THE Hottest sellers if decades. Toy makers have tried to get it for girls and now necessity have a big hit with that. And now, another year of hot products. >>Neil: EVEN THOUGH THERE ARE Worrisome news from radio shack and others. >>Guest: CUSTOMERS LOVE THE Freeways they love the our price match guarantee, and they know when they buy it at toys 'r us 

[00:45:30]


we will match anyone's prices with free rices and toys you cannot buy and we have seen in the past economic signs the last thing parents cut back on is the holiday presents for kids so we do well even when the economy is tough. >>Neil: YOU AE ALL RIGHT NOT Sleeping. >>Guest: IT HAS BEGUN. We are focused on the layaway orders. >>Neil: WE CHECK WITH YOU Throughout the holiday season. Thank you, toys 'r us c.E.O. He has turned that operation around. >> And now, staff from "the five," and what is coming up. >>Guest: WE WILL HIGHLIGHT OUR Favorite moments and get to obama's plan for the next four years. With 14 da left he finally has decided to let us know what an obama second term will look like. Better late than never. We will do a political lightning round which we started doing here on "the five," picking a story no one else is covering and we talk about it. We will get into a lot of stuff, mostly licks and have a lot of fun like we usually do. >>Neil: ALL GOOD NATURED. You do have food tasters, right? >>Guest: WE HAVE TO WATCH Beckel because there is a green om and we don't know what he will do. Thank you for letting us talk about "the five," you are all right I don't scare what bob says about you. >>Neil: THAT IS VERY HURTFUL. Thank you for your final APPEARANCE HERE ON "YOUR WORLD."lot of weight, C-MAX has a nice little trait, You see, C-MAX helps you load your freight, with its foot-activated lift gate. But that's not all you'll see, Cause C-MAX also beats Prius v, with better MPG. Say hi to the all-new 47 combined MPG C-MAX Hybrid. 

[00:47:36]


called. you. We're not in london, are we? No. Why? Apparently my debit card is. What? I know. Don't worry, we have cancelled your old card. Great. Thank you. In addition to us monitoring your accounts for unusual activity, you could also set up free account alerts. Okay. [ Female Announcer ] AT WELLS FARGO WE'RE Working around the clock o help protect your money and financial information. Here's your temporary card. Welcome back. How was london? [ Female Announcer ] WELLS FARGO. Together we'll go far. 

[00:50:26]


>>Neil: FROM IMMIGRANT TO Independent congressional candidate. My next guest so unhappy where washington he decided to make matter indo his hands one of two independent candidates challenging this guy, democratic congressman ted deutch in the florida congressional race. There is for republican in the race. We spoke to the congressman yesterday. Here today is mr. Henado who came here from colombia, at 16. He says the american dream is still alive. Very good to have you. >>Guest: THANK YOU FOR HAVING Me. >>Neil: YOU CAME HERE WHEN YOU Were eight with your mom. And you became a legal citizen in 2002, correct? >>Guest: THAT IS CORRECT. I actually came here on my own when I was telephone. I took a two month journey through central america and by an act god I was able to make it into the united states. Today, I am so proud of being able to represent and have the opportunity to represent the people of district 21. 10 years ago I did become a u.S. Citizen the happy of the day my life and I promised god I would be a servant of the community. I wanted to serve the united states of america to the best of my ability. >>Neil: WHY AS AN INDEPENDENT, You could is run as a republican, where there were no republics running, what is the deal? >>Guest: AS I WALK AROUND MY District people are tires of the politics going on in washington, most political parties will tell you that washington is broken, and politicians will tell you that washington is broken. But the reality is, the membership american voter is responsible to what is going on in washington. We have to be honest and realize we are responsible for putti the same politicians back in washington that are backed by special interests, corporates, and have those interests more ahead than the american people's interests. >>Neil: WHO DO YOU THINK Speaks more two the immigrant community, the latino immigrant community, you started obviouslyily and you became 

[00:52:27]


legal and rubio said there has to an way to help those who are children of illegal immigrants become permanent citizens but there is a division. How do you feel about him and have you never sought out his endorsement? >>Guest: I KNOW SENATOR RUBIO Personally. He is a rising star of the republican party and he is the only senator in the republican party who has touched the immigration issue. Unfortunately for the last 26 years, both political parties have made the immigration issue a political issue. Ther is no willingness to actually solve the problem. >>Neil: HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT President obama's approach? When you worked in congress you and yourself have said, you had lunch with then senator obama? >>Guest: YES, I KNOW PRESIDENT Obama personally and he tale made a promise to the hispanic community he would do immigration reform in the first term. Obviously, he failed. >>Neil: DO YOU LIKE HIS REFORM Efforts or what he is trying to do? >>Guest: I DID FOUGHT LIKE HIS Effort because there was no effort to have immigration reform done in the first two years of the presidency so I am very disappointed that he had a congress and was not able to pass immigration reform. >>Neil: WE WILL WATCH THE RACE Closely. Thank you for joining. >>Guest: I APPRECIATE THE Opportunity. >>Neil: WHEN WE COME BACK, WE Are the money midgets beuse it is hard to stand tall when you are very deep in a ditch. 

[00:55:13]


. running need to compete on the global stage. What we need are people prepared for the careers of our new economy. By 2025 we could have 20 million jobs without enough college graduates to fill them. THAT'S WHY at DeVry university, we're teaming up with companies like cisco to help make sure everyone is ready wi the know-how we need for a new tomorrow. [ Male Announcer ] MAKE SURE AMERICA'S READY. Make sure you're ready. at DeVry.Edu/knowhow. 
??????   ??????
>> Neil: We are what we are worth. Right about now we are not worth a lot. In fact, on paper, we are not worth anything. 

[00:57:14]


We as a country owe more than we have. Simple as that. It explains why you can count the countries that respect us on half a hand it seems. No wander what other countries are showing us the finger. That's what happens when you are broke. Friendships break. Trust break. Respect breaks. 16 trillion in debt does that. It makes your friends snicker and the enemies scowl. Leave it to iran's president to question whether we're up to the task, to lecture and let alone lead the world. Pardon my french but ain't not being rich a bitch? Try as I might, I never recall a restaurant maitre d' offering table to homeless person. Rich guy would throw another family out of a restaurant to make room. No, it's not fair, no, it's not right. But it is just is. We go and friends owe. I'm surprised the conundrum got more than a passion mention in the foreign poll isy debate. No wonder we don't go too far to rat the creditors' cages. That's how much we need and fear china. We swallow nonsense from china and figure stupidly, in my opinion, that we need china or china needs us. I think china needs us more than we need them but i degress. Who can blame china for thinking we are losers? It figures to find willing buyers for its stuff. How many countries do you see lining up to buy our stuff, our debt? I wish I heard that at least once last night but maybe both candidate race frayed to admit the inescapable truth. With keep going deeper in debt. We'll never be the same country. We owe, we go. If we can't look after our own affairs how the heck will we look after the wo affairs? My friends, look at the numbers. Take a good look. Take a look at that. 

[00:59:17]


No surprise the world is our number. No surprise at all. That will do it. Good night. 
  ??????
Captioned ByClosed Captioning Services, Inc @@ >> Eric: Hello. I'm eric bolling with andrea tantaros, bob beckel, dana perino, greg gutfeld. It's 5:00 in new york city. This is "the five." 
  ??????